 Joey:Ooh... I cant believe Im kissing you. Im kissing Rachel!
 Joey:Well I only said that because of Ross you know. Then I saw him kissing Charlie...
 Joey:Oh my God its Ross. What are we gonna do?
 Joey:No idea what it means.
 Joey:I dont believe this... Have you guys been...
 Joey:Is he gone?
 Joey:Pssst...
 Joey:Well hes with Charlie now.
 Joey:(long pause and he twitches a bit) Youre a pain in my ass Geller!
 Joey:Probably yeah... I mean maybe we should... hold off until we talk to Ross.
 Joey:Yeah I think thatd be best... So so Im gonna... Im gonna take off...
 Joey:(turns around very fast) I like although!
 Joey:Six years? Wow... Its almost as long as highschool...
 Joey:Absolutely! Hes not thinking about you.
 Joey:Im thinking about you...
 Joey:Lets forget about Ross...
 Joey:Whats wrong?
 Joey:Well maybe I can help. (he grabs her head passionately closes his eyes and kisses... Ross in Rachels dress! He realises it too late and when he does pushes Rosss/Rachels head away)
 Joey:Yeah... we really need to talk to Ross...
 Joey:Whoo whoo. Wow its uhm... kinda weird that Im sitting next to Charlie after we broke up.
 Joey:Look does someone mind switching to sit with Charlie?
 Joey:I understand...
 Joey:I guess so. Im just... really nervous.
 Joey:Ooh...
 Joey:Im gonna get the lasagna.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:You kissed.
 Joey:I saw you.
 Joey:Ross Ross Ross... Its okay.
 Joey:Its okay. You know I totally understand alright? You guys make way more sense than her and I ever did you know. And... I want you to be happy.
 Joey:Yeah... Now I have something...
 Joey:Oh... uh... look... before you...
 Joey:I am those things yeah.
 Joey:Dude!
 Joey:I cant think of anything.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I couldnt. He was saying all these really nice things about me. I didnt want him to get mad and take em all back. Im on a edge on Chandler.
 Joey:Thank you. Yeah I appreciate that.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So did you err... did you tell Ross?
 Joey:No no no no no no no no... I think its better if you tell him you know. Its easier for a woman. That way you know if he gets mad all you have to do is go... I didnt mean it. Im so so--ooory. (he pushes his breasts together from the side)
 Joey:Alright alright okay uhm... How bout this how about this? Tomorrow... tomorrow well both go and well tell him together.
 Joey:I know I know... but thats okay. I mean we can control ourselves were not animals.
 Joey:Yeah! Good night! (they give each other a small kiss on the mouth and stare at each other for a while)
 Joey:Good night! (they give each other a kiss again but this time it lasts longer)
 Joey:Stop saying good night.
 Joey:Okay Ross I realise that you didnt expect to walk in and see that but.. Let me explain okay?
 Joey:Rach he just saw us.
 Joey:But what you saw that is the extent of it okay? One kiss.
 Joey:Look we probably should have talked to you about this before it ever happened but..
 Joey:Yeah but it did happen so...
 Joey:Ross?
 Joey:No no no!
 Joey:Probably.
 Joey:No no!
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Ross..
 Joey:Look dont you think that will be a little weird?
 Joey:I do like fajitas.
 Joey:Ah can I just say I know were doing this for Ross and thats cool but if it was up to me this is not what wed be doing on our first date.
 Joey:Id take you out for a romantic night. Some champagne fancy dinner feel you up on the carriage ride home...
 Joey:In a carriage!
 Joey:Hey Charlie!
 Joey:So did you bring a little something for Ross?
 Joey:Oh. Oh thanks.
 Joey:Yeah I didnt throw any of that out..
 Joey:Uh actually thats..
 Joey:Okay listen hey Ross. Why dont you try to relax okay? Maybe have a drink.
 Joey:Dude are you okay? And when are the fajitas gonna be ready?
 Joey:Dude are you okay?
 Joey:You know what? I think Im gonna stay here and make sure hes okay.
 Joey:Yeah. Ill see you in the morning.
 Joey:It doesnt look good does it?
 Joey:Morning. Here you go.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:No no no. You actually did that when you were dancing to the Chicago-soundtrack. Look Ross about about Rachel and I. Listen you dont have to worry about that okay? Because nothing is gonna happen.
 Joey:Well she and I said from the beginning that we werent gonna do anything unless you were okay with it. And clearly..
 Joey:Its okay Ross alright? I totally understand. Of course youre not fine. Youre.. Youre Ross and Rachel.
 Joey:Thats what I hear yeah.
 Joey:Come on I mean you know me you know...
 Joey:Im crazy about her.
 Joey:I think so.
 Joey:Yeah but Ross I mean youre not okay with it.
 Joey:No no no no that was - that was just for me. Are you sure about this?
 Joey:And were okay?
 Joey:Yeah. Its actually our first official date
 Joey:Naa no. This is the part Im actually good at.
 Joey:(pause) Its OK!
 Joey:Well I... I know exactly what Im gonna do!
 Joey:No no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have to appreciate their uniqueness.
 Joey:No I do six things! First I look deep in her eyes. Then I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh.
 Joey:NO! Not like that no no. No like this. (He starts lightly grazing Chandlers thigh)
 Joey:More foosball?
 Joey:I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems puzzled) Ha guess we won’t be going back there!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey what do you say we move this onto the likes of the couch?
 Joey:What’s the matter?
 Joey:I don’t get it Chandler loved it!
 Joey:Ok.
 Joey:(a little giddy) Uh was that good for you?
 Joey:Rach you sure you wanna do this?
 Joey:Ok. Well how how can we make it easier?
 Joey:Ok yeah got it.
 Joey:This thing welded shut?!
 Joey:All right turn around I got to get a look at this thing.
 Joey:Sorry!
 Joey:Im sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me before! Im an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one and it popped open! I blame your bra!
 Joey:Then I blame you! Yeah! Thats right! You threw me off with all your slapping!
 Joey:(contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said) NAH! I dont have another level!! 
 Joey:Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points to the hall).
 Joey:(To Rachel) Hey!
 Joey:Yes maam ready to Power through!
 Joey:Uh! (When shes done she throws her bra at him)
 Joey:Ok youre scaring me a little bit.
 Joey:Oh! yeah!
 Joey:uh uh!
 Joey:No no no! You kneed me in my misters!
 Joey:(He just sits there legs very close together with a painful look on his face) Soldier down!
 Joey:Well I know whats the matter with me.
 Joey:I dont know.
 Joey:Yeah was there a part of you that... felt like it was... really wrong?
 Joey:Yeah yeah... Absolutely. I mean just because somethings difficult doesnt mean that you quit.
 Joey:Yeah so we just keep trying and trying until we... do it.
 Joey:Thats a... pla-an.
 Joey:(sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming.
 Joey:I dont get it. I mean I was so sure this was what I wanted.
 Joey:I guess they werent as good friends as we are.
 Joey:So...
 Joey:I love ya.
 Joey:Yeah me too.
 Joey:Ooh yeah Im not going anywhere for a while.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:18 uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his How You Doin line)
 Joey:What what!? its for her hot friends!
 Joey:And starting to think about settling down!
 Joey:Id love to! Yeah! 
 Joey:(To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents?
 Joey:Oh yeah! How was I supposed to know?
 Joey:Yeah but for a one-year-old. Whats the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And hes standing next to this cow and the cow says El-moo! (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... thats a funny cup!
 Joey:Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that.
 Joey:Oh man this is great uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
 Joey:Hey Pheebs you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!
 Joey:No no no! My talents as an actor!
 Joey:You know I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books!
 Joey:Hey I think Emma might like it!
 Joey:Um my present!
 Joey:Actually we prepared performances.
 Joey:But equally real!
 Joey:(unconfidently) O K.
 Joey:Hey I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting!
 Joey:I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books.
 Joey:Uh why it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites uh (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth back and forth back and forth and while she held him she sang “I’ll love you forever I’ll like you for always as long as Im living my baby you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book). And while he rocked her he sang “I’ll love you forever I’ll like you for always as long as Im living my baby you’ll be”.
 Joey:Im so confused!
 Joey:Got it! (Goes towards the front door and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think youre going?
 Joey:Alright well the rest of you get comfortable ok because were gonna be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute there is a window in there!
 Joey:Well that one did not have Emmas face on it.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Ok! (Opens the door for them)
 Joey:Nighty-night!
 Joey:Bye bye.
 Joey:Hey hey hey hey! Im not gonna mess with Jack hes a great man he fought for our country.
 Joey:(Shocked) Oh! Well thats it! Hes the last one to go. Im locking you guys in. (turns the bolts of the door thereby locking it)
 Joey:Oh! I forgot you used to live here!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:Hey! (smiles)
 Joey:(smile fades) What audition?
 Joey:What? You never said anything about an audition!
 Joey:A monologue? I dont have.. (sees the book he was reading before for his dramatic reading) I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room) Aah! so... Im gonna take off!
 Joey:Oh! I got it! Ok everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
 Joey:Okay Monica picks ten I call nine! Anyone else?
 Joey:Or.. we could flip a coin and then multiply the..
 Joey:Right.
 Joey:Ok ladies and gentlemen wind your toys! (they do so)
 Joey:Come on robot!
 Joey:Way to go robot!
 Joey:Hey good race you guys.
 Joey:Okay if Ross and Rachel ask Ive been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME!
 Joey:(to Ross and Rachel) Ive been here the whole time!
 Joey:What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis.
 Joey:Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time!
 Joey:No! No... and for the record Ive also never given her a frosting from a can!
 Joey:U-U-Um I think theres been an oversight.
 Joey:Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!
 Joey:I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby you know and I would love to help you get one.
 Joey:Thank you! Alright let me see how Im gonna start... Dear baby adoption decider people...
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Uhm... Arent you a little overdressed?
 Joey:Thats right yeah.
 Joey:Always nice to meet a fan!
 Joey:I know she may be the hottest girl Ive ever hated.
 Joey:(using a laptop) Oh Monica and Chandlers recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I dont know any big words or anything so...
 Joey:What did I just say?
 Joey:Oh my God thats great! Im smart!! No no Im... (he uses the Thesaurus) brainy bright clever I love this thing! Look out ladies Joey Tribbianis got the whole package!!
 Joey:Hey finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
 Joey:(sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya?
 Joey:Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus!
 Joey:Yep!
 Joey:Oh ‘They are warm nice people with big hearts’.
 Joey:Yeah yeah and hey I really mean it dude.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Ah look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You slept out here?
 Joey:But uhm were getting rid of her right? Rach please tell me we’re getting rid of her.
 Joey:Oh come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping Amy badly) Uoh oh oh a moment on the lips forever on the hips! I don’t need that kind of talk in my house!
 Joey:Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone?
 Joey:Yeah Monica made us!
 Joey:Yeaah.
 Joey:(yelling at her) I’M CURVY AND I LIKE IT!
 Joey:Great Im finished! In fact I just dropped it off at the agency.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:No can do amigo. No I didnt use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked)
 Joey:Yeah and dont worry. I didnt try to sound smart at all! See ya later! (Leaves)
 Joey:(picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh hi! Well Im glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy arent home right now... (looks puzzled) Okay bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was nice!
 Joey:Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachels room)
 Joey:(Yelling from Rachels room) She has a lot of crap!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Well hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe) Heres to Phoebe whos found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and... (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike!
 Joey:(Looking inside the fridge and we only see his back. Then he closes the door and we see its Joey.) Hi sweetie!
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Cool!
 Joey:Thats great! Hey can you cast me in it?
 Joey:What do you mean? I can do anything Im a chameleon! Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) Im old! (then he yawns) Im tired! (then he mimes someone whos hot...) Hey Im hot (...and cold) Im cold!! Huh?? Come on! What cant I do?
 Joey:I can do that! (in a deeper voice) Hello Im your professor. When Im not busy thinking of important things or... professing. I like to use... Oh whats the product?
 Joey:(after a long pause he starts miming again) Im cold!
 Joey:Oh! Any word on casting yet?
 Joey:What do you mean? Rach dont I seem like a professor youd buy some kind of e-crap from?
 Joey:Just watch it and if you dont like it you dont pass it on to your bosses!
 Joey:Thank you. (he sits down)
 Joey:Damn it! (he leaves)
 Joey:Just pass it to your boss!
 Joey:Whats up?
 Joey:(sounds disappointed) Oh.
 Joey:(looks at him suspiciously) But ehm... you watched the tape?
 Joey:(sounds confident) You didnt watch the tape.
 Joey:Look its one thing not to cast me but to lie to me?
 Joey:Well you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room and is observing the conversation)
 Joey:Keep going Pinocchio!
 Joey:(yelling back) No you didnt! (turns and goes towards his room)
 Joey:You still here?
 Joey:Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there ok? First you lied right? Then you lied about lying ok? Then you lied about lying about lying ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of lyings in the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying!
 Joey:(very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why? (goes back into his room)
 Joey:(comes out holding the tape) Heres how I know you didnt watch the tape ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this tape believe me you would have some comments. Alright now remember I got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins)
 Joey:(Yelling at Chandler) And thats how I know you didnt watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).
 Joey:(enters from his bedroom) What?
 Joey:I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very reasonable price.
 Joey:But its an original Buffay...
 Joey:Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!?
 Joey:GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE!
 Joey:Thats not the point Chandler. The point is that you lied.
 Joey:Now what do you say?
 Joey:And?... AND?
 Joey:Gladys?
 Joey:Youre mean!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Whats going on?
 Joey:Hey is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
 Joey:Hey maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! Its very impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
 Joey:(pointing at himself) Celebrity.
 Joey:(going out with the VCR in his hand) Well I guess well never know whose it is!
 Joey:(form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity? 
 Joey:Guys? Everything ok? Its me Joe...
 Joey:Guys!?
 Joey:Whats going on?
 Joey:Everything doesnt sound fine!
 Joey:Well you wouldnt let me in so I thought you were in trouble.
 Joey:But you called me Bert!? Thats our code word for danger!
 Joey:We dont? We really should. From now on Bert will be our code word for danger.
 Joey:(quivering with anger) I did not care for that!
 Joey:Ok ok! (He leaves)
 Joey:I forgot my bat.
 Joey:(to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert!
 Joey:Uhm... ok... uhm... Well yeah... You have got some nerve coming back here. I cant believe you never called me.
 Joey:Oh... yeah... Probably you dont even remember my name. Its Joey by the way. And dont bother telling me yours because I totally remember it... lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me.
 Joey:No no! Dont try to turn this around on me ok? Im not some kind of... social work ok that you can just... do.
 Joey:Really? Think about it. Come on! Youre a beautiful woman smart funny we had a really good time huh? If I had your number why wouldnt I call you?
 Joey:No no hey no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the apartment leaving her shocked)
 Joey:(acting sad) NO! I waited a long time I cant wait anymore... (and closes the door behind him)
 Joey:LAURA! (and points to her very confident)
 Joey:Dont you put words in peoples mouths you put turkey in peoples mouths!
 Joey:Three tickets to todays Rangers game!!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah theyre great seats too!
 Joey:Center ice.
 Joey:So well leave before its over well be back in time.
 Joey:Dude two times that happened!
 Joey:Right I guess. Alright so see you at four.
 Joey:Thats some gentle comedy dude. (he and Ross leave)
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Oh Bob get off the guy!
 Joey:I know yeah.
 Joey:Yeah. I am sorry hes not here too but I got to say (takes some nachos from a plate on the seat where Chandler should have been) I am really enjoying Nacho Chair.
 Joey:Ohhhh! These seats are great!
 Joey:(looks at the time) Wow hey wed better get going. If we dont leave right now well be late for dinner.
 Joey:I dont know...
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:How late are we?
 Joey:Wow (He opens his apartment door and throws their stuff in.)
 Joey:Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were! (he raises his hands and on his right one theres a Rangers foam finger)
 Joey:Oh no no no no no. You just want to put it on your hand!
 Joey:You are not at Thanksgiving?
 Joey:We figured we could be late because you guys were gonna be on time (he points the foam finger at the girls)
 Joey:Yeah where were you!
 Joey:Wait a second wait a second where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before...
 Joey:(realizing) Oh! Thats Alicia Mae Emorys outfit!
 Joey:All right. Hey Rach while youre in there throw something on Alicia Mae.
 Joey:No. Here (he tears off the pocket from Ross shirt and tears off everything below that as well.)
 Joey:(whispering) Who do you think its from?
 Joey:I hate that thing its like a... bolt of lightning.
 Joey:(smiling from ear to ear) Ah-haah! I win!!
 Joey:Thats fire. Beats everything.
 Joey:Ooh! Well played Phoebe Buffay well played.
 Joey:I had a dream once about a fax machine that did that. (Ross picks it up)
 Joey:(holds his fist up) WATER BALLOON! (he stuffs the slice in is mouth and gives the foil back to Ross)
 Joey:(to Ross) Just get in there and make a face to face apology you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
 Joey:Im telling ya... (his eyes open wide and he looks like his eyes are about to pop out. He stares at Ross like this without blinking) I can do it.
 Joey:Oh! It all looks so beautiful the turkey the stuffing...
 Joey:(still with his door wedged in the door gap now opens his eyes wide and stares at Monica and Chandler as he did with Ross earlier in the hall) Hey listen guys we feel really terrible.
 Joey:Come on you guys we want you to know were (His eye widen even more) very very sorry. (Monica and Chandler are now covering their eyes with their hands) (then to the others in the hall) Right guys?
 Joey:(smiling) Now lets not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Lets move past this and try to have a nice meal all together huh?
 Joey:Hey! Im getting a little tired of this okay? We said were sorry. Its Thanksgiving for Petes sakes! A day of forgiveness!
 Joey:(to Ross mouthing) Dont make me come up there!
 Joey:Fine! Lets just go. I dont need your stupid dinner.
 Joey:Sorry!
 Joey:Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving.
 Joey:Yeah! You Chan and the vein!
 Joey:Ha!
 Joey:Oh-oh! Im stuck!
 Joey:No seriously... Im really wedged in here.
 Joey:(in agony) aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! Im worried about damaging my head.
 Joey:Alright hurry up you gotta do something.
 Joey:I just wanna say that Im sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person...
 Joey:Oh that smells good!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:It isnt working.
 Joey:Well hurry I cant feel my ears!
 Joey:Interesting...
 Joey:I left them at the park.
 Joey:Its really starting to hurt.
 Joey:Ooh! Stop putting things down my pants!
 Joey:Yeah! Come on!
 Joey:(looking at himself) Man Ive got food all over me.
 Joey:Oh I know how you feel...
 Joey:Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys R Us... She was in stock!
 Joey:I cant believe it. When you guys come back youre gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
 Joey:But just think ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys?
 Joey:Im gonna say someone Im gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey!
 Joey:So... whos your friend?
 Joey:OW why why why?
 Joey:Oh name one friend of yours that I did that with.
 Joey:Mandy uh? Uh... really hot blonde big boobs?
 Joey:I know why I dont remember her huh? (he winks at Rachel)
 Joey:Ok I may not have treated your friends well in the past but I have grown up a lot really. Honest Rach?
 Joey:(pointing at himself) Growth!
 Joey:Ok thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy.
 Joey:Saraaah.
 Joey:I can see why nice shirt!
 Joey:Stupid Gap on every corner!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Well...
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Oh really? You know what your great friend did? Were out to dinner ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) Were getting along having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then out of nowhere...
 Joey:Hey hey look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent.
 Joey:ALL FOOD!
 Joey:Hey hey hey hey. Look. I take a girl out she can order whatever she wants! The more the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers!
 Joey:(mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD!
 Joey:(he thinks a little considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about?
 Joey:I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!!
 Joey:(now laughing a little) Dude I really dont think you should be wearing that.
 Joey:(looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!!
 Joey:Oh that looks great! Good ordering!
 Joey:oh I didnt know you liked French fries. Help yourself! Whats mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries)
 Joey:Uuuh.. yes they are my stuffed clams.
 Joey:How about those fries though huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate thus blocking her from reaching his)
 Joey:(Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful you know that?
 Joey:Oh (grinning trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back)
 Joey:(Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!!
 Joey:I dont like it when people take food off of my plate okay?
 Joey:WELL I DIDNT MEAN IT!
 Joey:Im sorry Im overreacting. Okay Its just when it comes to food I have certain rules okay I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you dont do (He takes a bite from it).
 Joey:I really am sorry about you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you.
 Joey:(Jokingly) Well stuffed clams.
 Joey:Uh excuse me sir there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake.
 Joey:(More to himself than anyone else) So stupid ordering cheesecake trying to 
 Joey:Oh all right Ill just have what shes having instead.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure. No problem.
 Joey:Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule?
 Joey:(laughing) Really?
 Joey:Yeah of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room)
 Joey:(to the torte) Stop staring at me!
 Joey:Why just a tiny little...
 Joey:Oh-oh!
 Joey:Im not even sorry.
 Joey:(nods) So why are you still wearing it?
 Joey:Ooh... Not so good.
 Joey:Yeah and you know what? We could do a lot worse.
 Joey:(shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESNT SHARE FOOD!
 Joey:Cmon youre going out with the guy! Theres gotta be something wrong with him!
 Joey:Instead of...?
 Joey:Never had that dream.
 Joey:This guy says hello I wanna kill myself.
 Joey:Ohh.
 Joey:And you never knew she was a lesbian...
 Joey:Alright Ross look. Youre feeling a lot of pain right now. Youre angry. Youre hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
 Joey:Strip joint! Cmon youre single! Have some hormones!
 Joey:I say push her down the stairs.
 Joey:(comforting her) And hey you need anything you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And hes away a lot.
 Joey:What like theres a rule or something?
 Joey:Whos Paul?
 Joey: Hey Paul!
 Joey:Heres a little tip she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs you wanna help?
 Joey:Im thinking weve got a bookcase here.
 Joey:(picking up a leftover part) Whats this?
 Joey:Which goes where?
 Joey:Done with the bookcase!
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey-hey if youre gonna start with that stuff were outta here.
 Joey:Ross let me ask you a question. She got the furniture the stereo the good TV- what did you get?
 Joey:You got screwed.
 Joey:Shut up!
 Joey:What are you talking about? One woman? Thats like saying theres only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something Ross. Theres lots of flavors out there. Theres Rocky Road and Cookie Dough and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get em with Jimmies or nuts or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married you were like what eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
 Joey:Great story!  But I uh I gotta go I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...  Oh man (looks to Chandler)
 Joey:Right.  Thanks.  Its June.  Im outta here. (Exits.)
 Joey:Congratulations.
 Joey:Listen while youre on a roll if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... (Joey and Chandler taste the coffee grimace and pour it into a plant pot.) Although actually Im really not that hungry...
 Joey:Morning Paul.
 Joey:That wasnt a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
 Joey:Yeah Im an actor.
 Joey:I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
 Joey:Look it was a job all right?
 Joey:I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)
 Joey:You should both know that hes a dead man.  Oh Chandler? (Starts after Chandler.)
 Joey:(sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line!
 Joey:(bursts out laughing again) I cant believe you didnt know it was a line!
 Joey:I cant believe what Im hearing here.
 Joey:Oh you wouldnt know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.
 Joey:Uhm... oh... I dont know its too hard.
 Joey:Oh... food. No sex. Food! Sex! Food! Se-I dont know! Good God I dont know I want girls on bread!
 Joey:Chandler? Forty-five minutes? Well something is not right. I just can’t believe he would do this to Monica!
 Joey:Hey is uhm... is Chandler here?
 Joey:(walking towards her to hold her and support her) Monica you understand what we are saying right?
 Joey:(to Chandler) You son of a bitch!
 Joey:I knew he couldnt be with a woman for 45 minutes!!
 Joey:(clearly shocked) What?
 Joey:Shouldnt we all vote on stuff like this?!
 Joey:No no its not dont listen to him! (to Ross) Im gonna thump you! (points his fist at him)
 Joey:Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? (Walks towards the fridge) Because I can stop doing that (looks at the fridge) I really really think I can!
 Joey:What the hell are you doin?
 Joey:(he has a turkey on his head) Its stuck!!!
 Joey:I put it on to scare Chandler!
 Joey:It smells really bad in here.
 Joey:Its Joey.
 Joey:(shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
 Joey:Oooooh!
 Joey:Big fat goalie.
 Joey:Weekend at Bernie’s.
 Joey:Everyday use.
 Joey:Guest.
 Joey:Uhh 11!
 Joey:Hey don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
 Joey:(panicking) Dude! Hes right there!
 Joey:Rachels right. This is where you guys belong.
 Joey:Im really sorry you guys.
 Joey:You know Im really sorry I wasnt more supportive before.
 Joey:And about this Nancy thing... If youre not sleeping with her should I?
 Joey:A meatball Sub? Thanks! (he got a meatball sandwich)
 Joey:(speaking with his mouth full enjoying his sandwich) What did they say?
 Joey:Hey guys!
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:Would you guys want to come down tomorrow and watch me tape the show?
 Joey:Seriously?
 Joey:(to Gene) I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax Im just like you! (pause) Only better looking and richer.
 Joey:(on the screen theres the word Supermarket) Uhm... ok. Its a store like a supermarket. (there is a sound indicating he made a mistake as he shouldnt have said supermarket. The next word appears notebook) Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah ok ok uhm... Im writing in my...
 Joey:Noo (whispering) more like a notebook... Damn it! (next word appears blueprint) Oh if Im building an house the plan isnt called the shmoo-print... Cant say that either? Woha... hey... (the last word is Football field and there are 5 seconds left) In high school I once had sex with a girl right in the middle of the...
 Joey:Yeah! But that is not what theyre looking for. (times finished) OOOH!
 Joey:Ahaha he might as well just give us the points.
 Joey:A spoon. Your hands. Your face!
 Joey:Paper snow a ghost!
 Joey:A rock a dog the earth.
 Joey:Salami anchovies jam!
 Joey:Paper snow a ghost!
 Joey:Chickens?
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:Ketchup!
 Joey:Relish!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:Oh so we didnt win but its fun to play the game right?
 Joey:Oh wow! Im so sorry ok? I promise well do better next time!
 Joey:Hey you know some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? (pause). Yeah!
 Joey:(To Henrietta) My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know nursery rhymes! (makes a thumbs up sign)
 Joey:Oh .. uh... uh... pass. (Next word Rotunda) Pass. (Next word Filibuster stares at it a moment) Pass. (Henrietta is looking very confused) (Next word Addendum 4 seconds remaining) Okay the little thing that hangs down at the back of your throat.
 Joey:Oh then pass. (Next word Joint session but times up Joey acts very disappointed)
 Joey:(nervously) Yeah...
 Joey:I-I-I dont know. Types of trees?
 Joey:(sympathetic) Oh Im so sorry. I dont know any Spanish words.
 Joey:Things that go tssst when you put them out.
 Joey:Things that burn.
 Joey:Dude dude! I think youre losing it.
 Joey:Oh oh oh... What a dog says.
 Joey:(instantly) Pizza toppings next!
 Joey:Oh oh oh... (5 seconds left)
 Joey:Girls Chandler could never get?
 Joey:Where? (looking around)
 Joey:Uh hey.
 Joey:(afraid) Yeah.
 Joey:So he cant come?
 Joey:Seriously?
 Joey:I am pretty wisdomous.
 Joey:Are you kidding? Phoebe I would be honored. (they hug)
 Joey:(takes her hand) Listen I hope... that you know... (has difficulty saying it) I dont want you to see your father cry GO TO YOUR ROOM!
 Joey:Oh no no no let your dad get this.
 Joey:Hey youre Mikes parents right?
 Joey:Ah our little ones are growing up fast uh?
 Joey:You know on the one hand youre happy for them but on the other hand its hard to let go.
 Joey:Hey Im not that fond of you either ok buddy? But Im just trying to be nice for the kids!
 Joey:So you know Im filling in for Phoebes step dad tomorrow right?
 Joey:Oh hey my pleasure. (he suddenly becomes very serious) So what are your intentions with my Phoebe?
 Joey:Oh a wiseacre. (Mike looks bewildered). No no no I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isnt that kind of unstable?
 Joey:Strike two!
 Joey:Strike three! You only get one more Mike!
 Joey:Oh man! I wouldnt have had breakfast if I knew there was going to be corsages!
 Joey:(to Mike) Hello Michael.
 Joey:May I have a word with you please?
 Joey:Have a seat. (Mike sits on his bed and Joey towers over him. He starts talking in an Italian godfather-type voice) Last night I tried to welcome you into my family... and instead you disrespect me... (shakes his head) I cannot allow this.
 Joey:More back talk. And yes I may be borrowing a few lines from my recent unsuccessful audition for Family Honor 2 Thissa Time Itsa Personal.
 Joey:I want you to take this seriously! Phoebe is very very important to me ok? And I wanna make sure that you are gonna take care of her.
 Joey:(very satisfied and smiling) Thats what I wanted to hear! Because shes family ok and now youre gonna be family and there is nothing more important in the whole world than family.
 Joey:(almost crying) That was ME!
 Joey:Im glad we had this little talk.
 Joey:(staring at the ice sculpture) How bad do you want to stick your tongue on that? (They all glare at him)
 Joey:Hey what are you guys gonna do?
 Joey:The blizzard. I just saw on the news its like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels. (Opens the curtains to reveal a snow storm outside)
 Joey:I dont think they are.
 Joey:Yeah according to the news most of the city did.
 Joey:Uh for your information since they hired a very hot weather girl.
 Joey:Oh hey dont worry. Im still ordained from your wedding.
 Joey:Yeah youd think Id give up being a minister and start paying to ride the subway? Huhuh...
 Joey:I had to read the Bible pretty carefully but... yeah we do.
 Joey:Friends family dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so Im gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
 Joey:(whispering to Phoebe) Okay...
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Oh okay. Phoebe do you take this man to be your husband?
 Joey:Mike do you take this woman to be your wife?
 Joey:I now pronounce you... husband and wife.
 Joey:It was yeah. I kind of dont want it to end. Hey you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
 Joey:Nice. Oh hey what about Ross?
 Joey:Well anyway Im glad youre back I really need your help.
 Joey:I have an audition for this play and for some of it I have to speak French. Which according to my résumé Im fluent in.
 Joey:Well so will you help me? I really wanna be in this play.
 Joey:Je de coup Clow.
 Joey:Ok.
 Joey:Je depli mblue.
 Joey:Really? It sounds exactly the same to me.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Got it.
 Joey:Je te flouppe Fli.
 Joey:Oh de fuff!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Welcome to New York City! Or should I say ghe deu flooff New York City?
 Joey:Oh you know what you should do? You should walk all the way at the top of Statue of Liberty.
 Joey:Je do call blue!
 Joey:je.
 Joey:mah
 Joey:pel.
 Joey:je.
 Joey:mah
 Joey:pel.
 Joey:Me pooh pooh!
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:(he goes out calling her) Dont move! Dont go! I need you! My audition is tomorrow! Shah blue blah! Me lah peeh! Ombrah! (he gives up). Pooh.
 Joey:Huh un blu bla flu flenk!
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh no thats okay I dont need your help. I worked on it myself and I gotta say I am pretty good!
 Joey:Sure sure. Ok (clears his throat and starts to read from his script. He starts talking in a fake French accent making gestures with his hands) Bleu de la bleu de la blu bla bleu (Phoebe looks astonished annoyed and disgusted Joey seems very proud though) See?
 Joey:(offended) Oh well I think I am yeah and I think Im definitely gonna get the part.
 Joey:For one thing the guy on the tape said I was doing a good job!
 Joey:Right. (clears his throat) Dja bu bu Claude. Uh cest la pu les la lu blah bloo.
 Joey:Dude come on! French it u-up!
 Joey:Toutes la smore! Bu blu-ay bloo blah ooh! Pfoof!
 Joey:Sa-sa-saw!
 Joey:Ah. All right. But my French was good?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Oh-hoh! Ha-hah! See!
 Joey:Yeah-hah. Toute-de-le-fruit.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Would fall off a lot.
 Joey:That I can do.
 Joey:All right watch me! (he takes a full container of milk from the fridge) Okay you time me. Ready?
 Joey:(enters) Guess what? (they all look expectantly at him) I finally got that seed out of my teeth.
 Joey:(enters) Hey guys.
 Joey:No thank you.
 Joey:But no its not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldnt even find it on the map.
 Joey:You know what? You are my friends I wanna be supportive I will come with you. SHOTGUN!
 Joey:What? No the only reason Im going to their stupid new house is so I can point out everything thats wrong with it so they dont move. Im gonna make them stay here.
 Joey:Hey hey... I can convince people to do anything you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that thing. What is it?
 Joey:I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye! (he leaves)
 Joey:Me too. Yeah this place is great. Im so happy for you guys. Although you know I hope you like fungus.
 Joey:Fungus! Yeah. Place is full of it.
 Joey:Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.
 Joey:Maybe. So this is the living room huh? Ooh its pretty dark. (starts feeling around him like hes in a completely dark room touching Chandler who backs out and hits him)
 Joey:(squinting his eyes) Are you kiddin? I think I just saw a bat in the corner!
 Joey:(glares at him for a moment then admits grudgingly) Maybe. Well I just think you guys can do better than this house you know? Or any other house for that matter.
 Joey:FINE ok if you love this house so much then you should just live here okay? I just hope you get used to that weird humming sound. (He turns his back to them and starts humming) Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
 Joey:no... hmmmmm... its not... hmmmmmmmmmm
 Joey:(turns the card around obviously had the wrong answer) Ow!
 Joey:Oh hi Im Joey. My stupid friends are buying this house. Who are you?
 Joey:(understanding) Oh.
 Joey:I hate my friends. (They shake on it as if they just made a pact) Alright look. Theres gotta be a way that we can stop this from happening.
 Joey:(thinking) Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me and you tell them that the house is haunted!
 Joey:Woah uh! Okay lets hear your great idea.
 Joey:(frustrated) Ahh! Theres gotta be a way. I mean you know if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just leaves me and Ross and Rach you know what I mean?
 Joey:What am I gonna do I feel like Im losing my friends.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure easy for you youre young. Me Im set in my ways.
 Joey:Yeah yeah I guess.
 Joey:(having difficulty admitting it) Yeah maybe.
 Joey:(In near tears realizes she is right) I hate to admit it but youre probably right. How did you get to be so smart?
 Joey:(his mood changes instantly) Just when I thought we could be friends. (he leaves the room)
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Oh just er... you know looking around. But you know what? This house... is great.
 Joey:Oh well the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
 Joey:(frightened) What?
 Joey:Thats not funny! You know Im afraid of little girl ghosts!
 Joey:What? I get my own room?
 Joey:Oh my God! (they all hug) Oh! Hey can I have an aquarium? And a sex swing?
 Joey:Why not? Ill keep the tank clean.
 Joey:I mean this soap opera is a great gig but... am I missing opportunities? You know Ive always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean should I be trying to do more independent movies?
 Joey:Hey bear I need some career advice.
 Joey:Hey great! All right!
 Joey:What? No no no! No no... no... no no... No too much is changing okay? First Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid suburbs...
 Joey:Well it comes and goes. I wouldnt trust it.
 Joey:No no no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA.
 Joey:Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out and Rachel follows him)
 Joey:Hey Phoebe.
 Joey:I’m just mad at my agent.
 Joey:There’s a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I didn’t even be put up for it! She’d better have a good reason.
 Joey:Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I’m wanna hear it because she keeps doing this.
 Joey:Ok. Why?
 Joey:I love that saying!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:I was just gonna call you! That’s weird.
 Joey:Yeah actually I am!
 Joey:That’s it? You know it seems all you do lately is drop the ball.
 Joey:No no look. All I’m saying is that you’re my agent ok? And you’re not getting me into any auditions and I’m tired of it.
 Joey:I’m saying that… (pause). This isnt working for me anymore ok? Estelle you’re fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone).
 Joey:Yeah I just… I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be killing her.
 Joey:I don’t know. She’s got to be taking it hard I was like her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I’m guessing he eats more money than he makes. Look I know she’s not a great agent but she did stick with me for ten years. I’m gonna call her and hire her again.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:(impressed) You blow me away.
 Joey:I promise. And that means never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops herself from laughing and leaves)
 Joey:Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings he picks it up) Hello?
 Joey:Estelle?
 Joey:(still scared) Ok-ay. I just I cant believe youre calling me?
 Joey:No no no! (Starts looking around the room terrified) Dont drop by dont drop by!
 Joey:Can I ask you something? Uhm whats it like there?
 Joey:Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display) out of area. Boy Ill say.
 Joey:Thank you all for coming. Were here today to pay respects to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... (Joey looks at the photograph) ..inside. As Estelles only two clients we would like to say a few words. (Joey looks for his notes. The man next to him is chewing something.) Dude wheres my speech? (the man swallows something and looks at Joey.) That is entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody. (he applauds and Al shows that theres nothing left in his mouth.)
 Joey:All right all right all right lets play one more time ok? And remember if I win you do not move to Paris.
 Joey:Just flip!
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Try it I cant feel a thing! (Ross starts punching him too)
 Joey:You guys hear a ringing?
 Joey:Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line nice! I didnt know you guys had it in ya!
 Joey:Mhm maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard!
 Joey:(entering the room) Hey.
 Joey:Oh shes putting Emma down shell be over in a second.
 Joey:Now it just hit her that shes leaving and shes kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off ok?
 Joey:What did I just say?
 Joey:Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins tails I lose. (he stops and starts realizing something) Wait a minute...
 Joey:I forgot to pick up my dry cleaning!
 Joey:Huh if I had to guess Id say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
 Joey:I really made you think about that thing uh?
 Joey:(still very emotional) Lucky bastard!
 Joey:All right lets think about this. I mean theres got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anything to make her mad?
 Joey:Im sure hes not more bummed out than I am.
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah good idea. (he mimes hitting his head with his fist)
 Joey:Whos that dirty old lady?
 Joey:Come on here have a seat.
 Joey:Chandler wait wait wait...
 Joey:If you get a second find out where she got that cheeseburger.
 Joey:A little more.
 Joey:A little more a little more. (she stuffs some more down his pants and Joeys assesses the how many there already are in there.) A little more... All right. Okay all right lets do this.
 Joey:Yeah. All right now give me your best shot.
 Joey:(in pain) Doesnt work... (he falls down on on his knees with his head on the floor)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Its my house-warming present for Monica and Chandler.
 Joey:Uh-huh. And I named them Chick Jr. and Duck Jr.
 Joey:Yeah I figure theyll love it at the new house you know? It has that big backyard. And then when they get old they can go to that special farm that Chandler took the other chick and duck to.
 Joey:Yeah. Its a shame people cant visit there.
 Joey:Yeah Erica went into labor last night. Monica and Chandler are at the hospital right now!
 Joey:Uh I think shes still asleep. Hey hey how did it go with you guys last night? She seemed pretty pissed at you.
 Joey:Oh my God. You and Rachel?
 Joey:So what does that mean? Are you guys getting back together?
 Joey:So so is she still going to Paris?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:I bet you did!
 Joey:Sure yeah. Will you just keep an eye on the chick and the duck?
 Joey:Oh my God! What did you say?
 Joey:You cant just give up! Is that what a dinosaur would do?
 Joey:Dude Im just trying to speak your language.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh youre not taking her with you tonight?
 Joey:Ross wait!
 Joey:Could you get me a muffin?
 Joey:Hey you know what might help?
 Joey:Its a... Its a welcome home sign for the baby.
 Joey:No I sat in the paint.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Yeah I know what you mean. I mean sometimes...
 Joey:Damn it!
 Joey:You know the baby cant read Mike!
 Joey:Monica just called from the cab. She said they should be here any minute. And apparently theres some big surprise.
 Joey:(To Monica) Hey so what is the big surprise?
 Joey:Oh theyre so cute! Now what what kinds are they?
 Joey:Hey that pregnant girls name was Erica.
 Joey:Hey maybe thats for the best.
 Joey:Yeah. You know? You just... Look you gotta... You gotta think about last night the way she does okay? Maybe maybe sleeping together was the perfect way to say goodbye?
 Joey:Maybe thats okay. You know? Maybe maybe it is better this way? I mean now now you can move on. I mean youve been trying to for so long maybe now that youre on different continents.. (Looks at Phoebe) Right?
 Joey:Maybe now you can actually do it. You know? You can finally get over her.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Yeah you are!
 Joey:This is so cool!
 Joey:But Ross Ross. What do you what do you think shes going to say?
 Joey:Good luck good luck!
 Joey:Oh hey hey can I give you guys your house-warming present now?
 Joey:Alright!
 Joey:Ah... Chick Jr.? Duck Jr.? Dont hide from mama!
 Joey:Quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack tweet quack...
 Joey:Okay I wanted to surprise you but for your house-warming gift I got you a baby-chick and a baby-duck!
 Joey:Yeah yeah they must have jumped off the table cause now theyre gone!
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:You stepped on my egg roll?
 Joey:Just put it on a plate and leave.
 Joey:Alright.
 Joey:Wait wait. Do you hear that?
 Joey:Oh! Theyre in the table!
 Joey:We gotta get them out of there!
 Joey:Oh oh! Maybe we can lure them out. You know any birdcalls?
 Joey:Well maybe we can just tip the table a little.
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:Oh God! So what do we do?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Does that mean we have to bust it open?
 Joey:Oh my God!
 Joey:All right you know what? We dont have a choice. Its like I would have said in that sci-fi movie if Id gotten the part. Those are our men in there we have to get them out! Even if I have to sacrifice the most important thing in my life; my time-machine.
 Joey:It did not.
 Joey:(yelling) Dont worry you guys were gonna get you out of there.
 Joey:Okay. Here goes.
 Joey:I need to say goodbye to the table first.
 Joey:Okay. Table you have given us so many great times. And you guys Jordan Victor Joel... All of you guys. What can I say? You guys make us look good. You wanna say anything?
 Joey:Okay here we go. I cant do it.
 Joey:Yeah theyre stuck inside the table!
 Joey:Yeah you didnt even use the tools for most of it!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Probably not. Nah. I dont know how much Im gonna wanna play after you go.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Im gonna miss these little guys. It was nice having birds around again.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:I could get a goose!
 Joey:Thanks man. Did you hear that you guys? Youre gonna get to stay here! And and its good you know cause cause now you have a reason to come visit.
 Joey:Uh lame cool guy handshake yeah.
 Joey:Yeah. Uh does this mean theres nothing to eat?
 Joey:I love you!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So did you guys make it in time?
 Joey:Has it always been purple?
 Joey:Yeah. I guess so.
 Joey:Yeah right!.......Yserious?
 Joey:(pause)....Are we still talking about sex?
 Joey:Yeah sorry the swallowing slowed me down.
 Joey:Yeah calm down. You dont see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
 Joey:Alright whendya have it on last?
 Joey:.....Well this is still ruined right?
 Joey:Your folks are really that bad huh?
 Joey:What are we supposed to be seeing here?
 Joey:Since always. Its like dating language. Yknow like Its not you means It is you.
 Joey:Yeah. Cushions the blow.
 Joey:Warden in five minutes my pain will be over. But youll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die.
 Joey:Thanks! Lets keep going.
 Joey:I just wanna go back to my cell. Cause in my cell I can smoke.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Whoah!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No no no I am not giving you a cigarette.
 Joey:Ymiss it?
 Joey:Thats ridiculous!
 Joey:Yokay Phoebe?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Keep it!
 Joey:So when do we get to meet the guy?
 Joey:Let it go Ross.
 Joey:You can come in but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
 Joey:(shouting to Chandler) Chandler! Hes here!
 Joey:Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
 Joey:Alan.
 Joey:...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
 Joey:Well is it like a little annoying or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?
 Joey:Oh (Imitating Ross) you do do you?
 Joey:Do you have any respect for your body?
 Joey:(dragged in by Monica he has just gotten out of the shower) Whats going on?
 Joey:Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
 Joey:Oh God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.)
 Joey:So thats it? Its over? Just like that?
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:Probably kill myself!
 Joey:Hey if Little Joeys dead then I got no reason to live!
 Joey:You are? Ross Im sorry..
 Joey:...Ninety-five ninety-six ninety-seven. See I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
 Joey:(to Ross) Hey! Heres the birthday boy! Ross check it out hockey tickets Rangers-Penguins tonight at the Garden and were taking you.
 Joey:We love you man. (Kisses Ross)
 Joey:So?
 Joey:Whats wrong with the twentieth?
 Joey:The hell with hockey lets all do that!
 Joey:Cmon Ross!
 Joey:Oh youre fine yeah for a first job.
 Joey:Leetch spots Messier in the crease- theres the pass! (He kicks it to Ross but Ross is staring into a shop window.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:-Peaches?
 Joey:Hey that womans got an ass like Carols! (They turn to stare at him.) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
 Joey:Cmon sit. Just sit down sit.
 Joey:Well how long do you think itll be?
 Joey:Hes right enough already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:With Carol? (Ross gives him a look.) Oh.
 Joey:Whoah boy hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we couldve done tonight!
 Joey:Man. Can you believe hes only had sex with one woman?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Oh ah- the kid has it.
 Joey:Ok you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
 Joey:No plans huh?
 Joey:Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man just stop calling.
 Joey:My god Angela.
 Joey:No yeah no ok but not yet. I dont wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi two Mississippi three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. (he walks over to her) Hey Angela.
 Joey:You look good.
 Joey:You dont say.
 Joey:Bob? Who the hells Bob?
 Joey:Come on we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff but like talking too.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Fine fine so why dont the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know as friends?
 Joey:You know you and Bob and me and my girlfriend uh uh Monica.
 Joey:Monica Im tellin you this guy is perfect for you.
 Joey:Come on. This guys great. His names Bob. Hes Angelas... brother. Hes smart hes sophisticated and he has a real job. Me I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor but Bob is...
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Eww! Look Im asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother maybe Angela will come back to me.
 Joey:(proud) I know but I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
 Joey:Yep.
 Joey:Which what?
 Joey:No but hes...
 Joey:Oh my god.
 Joey:I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But Im not.
 Joey:So you and Angela huh?
 Joey:Youre a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel or a weasel.
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah listen for it.
 Joey:Yeah but its not gonna last. Shes too much for me in bed. Sexually.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Come on theyre close.
 Joey:Oh like youve never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
 Joey:Well whos to say whats true? I mean...
 Joey:All right look Im not proud of this ok? Well maybe I am a little.
 Joey:Ow!
 Joey:Wait wait wait. You want him I want her. He likes you.
 Joey:Yeah. Im thinking if we put our heads together between the two of us we can break them up.
 Joey:Uh waiter one more plate of chicken wings over here.
 Joey:Excellent.
 Joey:Vell Eva veve done some excellent vork here and I vould have to say your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)
 Joey:Whadja think?
 Joey:Cmon you guys it wasnt that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls at least you got to see my head.
 Joey:The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
 Joey:Whos Rick?
 Joey:I couldnt do it.
 Joey:When Im with a woman I need to know that Im going out with more people than she is.
 Joey:(on phone) Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay Ill be there! (He hangs up and to all.) That was my agent. (He tosses and catches the phone.) My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
 Joey:Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guys the reason I became an actor! Im out of order? Pfeeeh. Youre out of order! This whole courtrooms out of order!
 Joey:Just when I thought I was out they pull me back in!
 Joey:...Im his (mumbles)
 Joey:...Im his butt double. Kay? I play Al Pacinos butt. Alright? He goes into the shower and then- Im his butt.
 Joey:Cmon you guys. This is a real movie and Al Pacinos in it and thats big!
 Joey:Okay okay fine! Make jokes I dont care! This is a big break for me!
 Joey:Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.
 Joey:Whaddya think? Todays the big day!
 Joey:Thank you! (He goes into the bathroom.)
 Joey:Uh listen I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.
 Joey:Me?
 Joey:Right. Okay. Losing the robe. (He takes off the robe.) And the robe is lost.
 Joey:Well Im- Im showering.
 Joey:Oh. Well the way I see it the guys upset here yknow? I mean his wifes dead his brothers missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
 Joey:I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:I got fired.
 Joey:Yeah they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybodys gonna go to the theatre expecting to see me and...
 Joey:My mom will.
 Joey:Yknow Ive done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot and I blow it!
 Joey:Hard to tell I was naked.
 Joey:Yeah? Thats so nice! (They hug.)
 Joey:Hi everyone.
 Joey:Well Chandlers old roomate was Jewish and these are the only candles we have so... Happy Chanukah everyone.
 Joey:Whats up man?
 Joey:(to everyone) Oh my God! Hes trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! (on phone) Chandler listen. (says something intentionally garbled)
 Joey:OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the womens room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
 Joey:We have a winner!
 Joey:Its never gonna happen.
 Joey:You and Rachel.
 Joey:Because you waited too long to make your move and now youre in the friend zone.
 Joey:Ross youre mayor of the zone.
 Joey:Priesthood! Look Ross Im telling you she has no idea what youre thinking. If you dont ask her out soon youre going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
 Joey:Yeeeeaaaahhh! Whats messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? Youve just got to go up to her and say Rachel I think that... (Rachel comes into the room behind them)
 Joey:Are you going to do it?
 Joey:Do you want any help?
 Joey:Good luck man.
 Joey:OK. (Ross goes out on the balcony to talk to Rachel)
 Joey:Hey where are you going?
 Joey:You cant go out there.
 Joey:Because of... the reason.
 Joey:I um cant tell you.
 Joey:OK youve got to promise that youll never ever tell Ross that I told you.
 Joey:Hes planning your birthday party.
 Joey:(as Phoebe enters) Youd better act surprised.
 Joey:Hey dont look at me. This is Rosss thing.
 Joey:Sorry that was wax.
 Joey:(does a maniacal laugh) Bwah-hah-hah!
 Joey:Hey Ross. This probably isnt the best time to bring it up but you have to throw a party for Monica.
 Joey:Not me.
 Joey:Twice?
 Joey:You guys okay?
 Joey:Now see I dont believe any of that. I think once youre dead youre dead! Youre gone! Youre worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay huh?
 Joey:(entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Check it out Giants-Cowboys. (He has a pocket TV)
 Joey:No its the pre-game. Im gonna watch it at the reception.
 Joey:(hides the TV but he still has an earphone) Just a uh... hearing disability.
 Joey:Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third.
 Joey:Ooh look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
 Joey:Hey hey.
 Joey:Yes I am. As of today I am officially Joey Tribbiani actor slash model.
 Joey:You know those posters for the city free clinic?
 Joey:No but I hear lyme disease is open so... (crosses fingers)
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(to Monica) We did?
 Joey:Uh hi. We uh we used to work together.
 Joey:Yeah at Macys. You were the Obsession girl right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?
 Joey:I gotta tell you. Youre the best in the business.
 Joey:Im serious. Youre amazing. You know when to spritz when to lay back.
 Joey:Ooh you smell great tonight. Whatre you wearing?
 Joey:Listen uh you wanna go get a drink or something?
 Joey:Whats wrong?
 Joey:Oh. What?
 Joey:Wait wait wait!
 Joey:So I guess you all saw it.
 Joey:Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
 Joey:Chandler will you just come in already?
 Joey:Hey Monica I got a question. I dont see any tater tots.
 Joey:But my mom always makes them. Its like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork a little cranberry sauce and a tot! Its bad enough I cant be with my family because of my disease.
 Joey:The balloon?
 Joey:Wait wait we have a copy of your key.
 Joey:That tone will not make me go any faster.
 Joey:That one will.
 Joey:Nope not that one.
 Joey:Hey I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
 Joey:Hey we all had better plans. This was nobodys first choice.
 Joey:You call that delicious?
 Joey:Ive gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
 Joey:Oh I will.
 Joey:The bigger half.
 Joey:Hey hey.
 Joey:Yes I am. As of today I am officially Joey Tribbiani actor slash model.
 Joey:You know those posters for the city free clinic?
 Joey:No but I hear lyme disease is open so... (crosses fingers)
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(to Monica) We did?
 Joey:Uh hi. We uh we used to work together.
 Joey:Yeah at Macys. You were the Obsession girl right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?
 Joey:I gotta tell you. Youre the best in the business.
 Joey:Im serious. Youre amazing. You know when to spritz when to lay back.
 Joey:Ooh you smell great tonight. Whatre you wearing?
 Joey:Listen uh you wanna go get a drink or something?
 Joey:Whats wrong?
 Joey:Oh. What?
 Joey:Wait wait wait!
 Joey:So I guess you all saw it.
 Joey:Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
 Joey:Chandler will you just come in already?
 Joey:Hey Monica I got a question. I dont see any tater tots.
 Joey:But my mom always makes them. Its like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork a little cranberry sauce and a tot! Its bad enough I cant be with my family because of my disease.
 Joey:The balloon?
 Joey:Wait wait we have a copy of your key.
 Joey:That tone will not make me go any faster.
 Joey:That one will.
 Joey:Nope not that one.
 Joey:Hey I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
 Joey:Hey we all had better plans. This was nobodys first choice.
 Joey:You call that delicious?
 Joey:Ive gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
 Joey:Oh I will.
 Joey:The bigger half.
 Joey:I cant believe you said woowoo. I dont even say woowoo.
 Joey:Cmon shes your mom!
 Joey:Uhhhh.... Ill just pee in the street.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Right. No big deal.
 Joey:In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
 Joey:You dont kiss your friends mom! Sisters are okay maybe a hot-lookin aunt... but not a mom never a mom!
 Joey:Yeah well you dont have your racket.
 Joey:Yeah well you didnt call and leave your grip size.
 Joey:Ross how could you let this happen?
 Joey:You dont think my moms sexy?
 Joey:Ill have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day alright? You think its easy giving birth to seven children?
 Joey:He forgot to leave his grip size!
 Joey:So are you gonna tell him?
 Joey:How about cause if you dont his mother might.
 Joey:Uhhhh.... hes not even wearing a jockstrap!
 Joey:Uh... yknow knowledge is a tricky thing.
 Joey:Hey hey hey youre lucky I caught them when I did or else who knows what woulda happened.
 Joey:Me neither yknow what-
 Joey:What are you mad at me for?!
 Joey:(Shouting after him) Chandler I didnt kiss her he did! (To Ross) See what happens when you break the code?
 Joey:Ah! (Points to door) Huh? (Leaves and slams the door)
 Joey:(To Ross on the couch) Now heres a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me shes not a knockout.
 Joey:Cmon! Just try to picture her not pregnant thats all.
 Joey:(Laughing) Mother-Kisser... (Sees Rosss look) Ill shut up.
 Joey:Shh. He did it. He told her off and not just about the kiss about everything.
 Joey:No no. He said When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?
 Joey:Then she came back with The question is when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?
 Joey:That makes more sense.
 Joey:I dunno Ive been standing here spelling it out for you! (Goes back to the door) I dont hear anything. Oh wait wait wait. (Looks through the spyhole)
 Joey:Hard to tell theyre so tiny and upside-down. Wait wait. Theyre walking away... theyre walking away... No no theyre not theyre coming right at us! Run! Run!
 Joey:You usually find them on the heaving beasts.
 Joey:Ross did you really read all these baby books?
 Joey:Hey Ross listen you know that right now your babys only this big? (measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger) This is your baby. (in baby-like voice) Hi Daddy!
 Joey:(in baby-like voice) How come you dont live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) Whats a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross)
 Joey:I love babies with their little baby shoes and their little baby toes and their little baby hands...
 Joey:Need a new table.
 Joey:Thats the rule.
 Joey:Howd you get to that?
 Joey:You knew about that?
 Joey:Ok ok How about if we split it?
 Joey:Yeah
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Why are you moving out?
 Joey:Youd tell me if you were moving out right
 Joey:Aw I know all about Kip!
 Joey:Well let me ask you something was Kip a better roommate than me?
 Joey:So whats it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joeys ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)
 Joey:Or an uncle...
 Joey:Hey Chandler that table place closes at 7 come on.
 Joey:Whoa store will be open tomorrow!
 Joey:Feminist issue. Thats where I went!
 Joey:Will you pick one just pick one! Here how about that one? (points to a table)
 Joey:So what like people are gonna come in and think Uh-oh Im outside again? Of course!
 Joey:I dont know birds just dont say Hello sit here eat something.
 Joey:All right how about the ladybugs?
 Joey:Fine you want to get the birds get the birds!
 Joey:Who cares well eat at the sink! Come on lets play!
 Joey:No-no she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
 Joey:Yes now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there the first guy Rachel sees is you Shes gotta know that youre everything hes not! Youre like like the anti-Paolo!
 Joey:Wha-
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Uh its 230 in the morning!
 Joey:Oh yeah!
 Joey:Ross did you really read all these baby books?
 Joey:Hey Ross listen you know that right now your babys only this big? (measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger) This is your baby. (in baby-like voice) Hi Daddy!
 Joey:(in baby-like voice) How come you dont live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) Whats a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross)
 Joey:I love babies with their little baby shoes and their little baby toes and their little baby hands...
 Joey:Need a new table.
 Joey:Thats the rule.
 Joey:Howd you get to that?
 Joey:You knew about that?
 Joey:Ok ok How about if we split it?
 Joey:Yeah
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Why are you moving out?
 Joey:Youd tell me if you were moving out right
 Joey:Aw I know all about Kip!
 Joey:Well let me ask you something was Kip a better roommate than me?
 Joey:So whats it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joeys ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)
 Joey:Or an uncle...
 Joey:Hey Chandler that table place closes at 7 come on.
 Joey:Whoa store will be open tomorrow!
 Joey:Feminist issue. Thats where I went!
 Joey:Will you pick one just pick one! Here how about that one? (points to a table)
 Joey:So what like people are gonna come in and think Uh-oh Im outside again? Of course!
 Joey:I dont know birds just dont say Hello sit here eat something.
 Joey:All right how about the ladybugs?
 Joey:Fine you want to get the birds get the birds!
 Joey:Who cares well eat at the sink! Come on lets play!
 Joey:No-no she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
 Joey:Yes now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there the first guy Rachel sees is you Shes gotta know that youre everything hes not! Youre like like the anti-Paolo!
 Joey:Wha-
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Uh its 230 in the morning!
 Joey:Oh yeah!
 Joey:Im tellin you Ross she wants you.
 Joey:Youre in!
 Joey:Excuse me could we get an egg over here still in the shell? Thanks.
 Joey:Yeah youre gonna go up to her and say Heres your egg back Im returning your egg.
 Joey:Think itll work?
 Joey:Actually tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
 Joey:No no no dont you dare bail on me. The only reason shes goin out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
 Joey:Pathetic mess? I know but—come on man shes needy shes vulnerable. Im thinkin cha-ching! (Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.) Thanks. Look you have not been out with a woman since Janice. Youre doin this.
 Joey:(Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife) How do I look?
 Joey:No no no dont! Ive been waitin for like forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
 Joey:(at the urinal) Can you stop yellin? Youre makin me nervous and I cant go when Im nervous.
 Joey:Good for you. (jumps suddenly) Uh quarters or rolls of quarters?
 Joey:(to Lorraine) We cant do that.
 Joey:Uh can I talk to you for a second over there?
 Joey:Uh we might be leaving now.
 Joey:She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. Im not even sure what slathering is but I definitely want to be a part of it.
 Joey:Youre right Im sorry. Youre right.
 Joey:Im outta here. Heres my credit card. Dinners on me. Im sorry Chandler.
 Joey:(in disbelief) Whoa.
 Joey:I dont know. You dumped her on New Years.
 Joey:(to Chandler) If you dont do it I will.
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:So whatre you going to do?
 Joey:How about Tonys? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak its free.
 Joey:(aside to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking maybe... (gestures with hands back and forth) huh-huh?
 Joey:Im telling you that monkey is a chick magnet! Shes going to take one look at his furry cute little face and itll seal the deal.
 Joey:(tasting) Mmmm. Good.
 Joey:Its creamier.
 Joey:I dont know. Were talking about whipped fish Monica. Im just happy Im keeping it down yknow?
 Joey:Uh-oh.
 Joey:(in disbelief) Vulva?
 Joey:(sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
 Joey:Whats the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. Ill tell you what. Just try something on me.
 Joey:Why not? Come on! Just just close your eyes and tell me what youd like to be doing right now.
 Joey:....yeah... what else?
 Joey:(walks to catch up to him) Alright look Ill start OK?
 Joey:Come on. Come on. Alright ready look! (in a low voice) Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
 Joey:Alright now you say something.
 Joey:Come on! You like this woman right?
 Joey:You want to see her again right?
 Joey:Well if you cant talk dirty to me howre you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
 Joey:(turning around) Alright alright. Im around. Go ahead.
 Joey:There you go! Keep going. Keep going!
 Joey:Say it... say it!
 Joey:Youre not going to believe this!
 Joey:Hey Chandler while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
 Joey:And again and again and again... (phone rings he answers) Hello? (hands phone to Chandler) And again.
 Joey:What a tool!
 Joey:(to Ross) So er... how did it go with Celia?
 Joey:All right Ross!
 Joey:Whoa! And the... (gestures with hands) huh-huh?
 Joey:You cuddled.
 Joey:Yeah where the hell is he?
 Joey:There’s the waitress. Excuse me Miss. Hello Miss?
 Joey:No no... how come you are working here?
 Joey:I’m sayin’ I see a difference.
 Joey:I don’t care. Phoebe’s Phoebe. Ursula’s... hot!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs guess who we saw today.
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Not from where I was standin’.
 Joey:I went back to Riff’s. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.
 Joey:She is so hot!
 Joey:Pheebs?
 Joey:You think it would be okay if I asked out your sister?
 Joey:So that if we went out on a date she’d be there.
 Joey:Cool thanks.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Phoebe could you do me a favour? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.
 Joey:Oh no no no. It’s for Ursula. I just figured you know size-wise.
 Joey:Yep. Ice Capades.
 Joey:I don’t know. I like her you know. She’s different. There’s uh somethin’ about her.
 Joey:Hey Phoebe I asked you and you said it was okay.
 Joey:Okay... Well maybe now I’m not okay with it not being okay.
 Joey:Out.
 Joey:(Spreading his arms wide) Yes.
 Joey:Well not that it’s any of your business but no we haven’t okay?
 Joey:You meant sex right?
 Joey:Tampa Bays got a terrible team.
 Joey:He should take the sack?
 Joey:Yeah Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.
 Joey:Oh have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
 Joey:Im takin Ursula tonight. Its her birthday.
 Joey:Whens that?
 Joey:Oh man. Whatre the odds of that happening?
 Joey:What can I do? Look I dont want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.
 Joey:Well if shes my friend hopefully shell understand. I mean wouldnt you guys?
 Joey:(entering quietly) Hey.
 Joey:Your sister stood me up the other night.
 Joey:Ive been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant they said she was too busy to talk. I cant believe shes blowin me off.
 Joey:Urse...
 Joey:..ah whatre you doing here? Ive been trying to call you.
 Joey:No no no dont say listen. I know that listen. Ive said that listen.
 Joey:I dont get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
 Joey:You dont drink.
 Joey:Oh Urse... (He tries to take her in his arms but she fends him off.)
 Joey:Why? Is it because Im friends with Phoebe?
 Joey:(Thinking carefully) no. No I I couldnt do that.
 Joey:Then uh then Im sorry.
 Joey:I know...
 Joey:I dont know whether its just cause were breakin up or... what but you have never looked so beautiful.
 Joey:Pheebs?
 Joey:We just got the message.
 Joey:�Hola amigos! (Hey everybody!)
 Joey:Oh no Im sure the Xerox machine caught a few.
 Joey:Shut up!
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight alright?
 Joey:Yeah we just dont happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
 Joey:Whoa whoa whoa Monica whatre you doin? This is a poker game. You cant serve food with more than one syllable. Its gotta be like chips or dip or pretz...(look of realization)
 Joey:About what?
 Joey:Heh... I was bluffing.
 Joey:You know what you guys? Its their first time why dont we just forget about the money alright?
 Joey:(pause)...Yeah?
 Joey:No I dont think so see Ross because I think you love her.
 Joey:Alright now listen you guys we talked about it and if you dont want to play we completely understand.
 Joey:But hey thanks for teachin us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys we gotta play that at our regular game.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Alright well Im gonna order a pizza. (gets up)
 Joey:Thats fine. Ill just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
 Joey:Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?
 Joey:Me too. Alright whattaya got.
 Joey:Ahhh I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. (the girls look at him confused) Oh Im out.
 Joey:Look Rachel we dont have to do this.
 Joey:Check.
 Joey:Thats OK Ross you can ask me. What?
 Joey:Here I got five I got five. (Ross takes the money)
 Joey:(to Ross) Ahhh thats alright. Yknow thats a tough hand to beat.
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:(triumphantly) The Unbearable Likeness of Being!
 Joey:Suck-fest.
 Joey:Hey I dont need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as theres a little nudity.
 Joey:I meant female nudity. Alright? I dont need to see Lou Grant frolicking.
 Joey:I agree. Im like in disbelief.
 Joey:She really said that?
 Joey:Tonight tonight?
 Joey:How could you lose him?
 Joey:Alright alright. Youre a monkey. Youre loose in the city. Where do you go?
 Joey:Marcel?
 Joey:Marcel?
 Joey:A monkey.
 Joey:Um sure! Did you uh did you try turning the knob back the other way?
 Joey:Oh. Then no.
 Joey:Uh arent we kind of in the middle of something here?
 Joey:We cant alright? (To the women) Were sorry. You have no idea how sorry but... We promised wed find this monkey. If you see him hes about yea high and answers to the name Marcel so if we could get some pictures of you youd really be helping us out.
 Joey:Marcel?
 Joey:I dunno I loved high school. Yknow? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
 Joey:No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor all right hes got to be like thetoughest snack there is.
 Joey:Her answer machine?
 Joey:Duh whereve you been?
 Joey:Man we gotta do something about that guy. This morning I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I cant do stuff!
 Joey:Will you grow up? Im not talking about sexy stuff but like when Im cooking naked.
 Joey:Yeah toast oatmeal... nothing that spatters.
 Joey:Maybe she never got your message.
 Joey:(entering) Hes back! The peepers back!
 Joey:(ducking) Get down!
 Joey:(intrigued) Yeah?
 Joey:..Naughty!
 Joey:Oh hold up Ill walk out with you. Now Rach when she taught you to kiss you were at camp and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform or- (Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.) Thats fine yeah...
 Joey:(watches them for a while) Oh my.
 Joey:(entering) Hey you know our phones not working?
 Joey:I tried to call you from the coffee shop and there was no answer.
 Joey:Hey so listen I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peepers name! Can I use the phone?
 Joey:(to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah the number for a Sidney Marks please.
 Joey:(on phone) Yeah is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh this is? (To the gang) Sidneys a woman.
 Joey:Yeah. Yeah so what? (On phone) Look I live across the street (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope and I dont appreciate it okay? (Listens) Yeah I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear I shouldnt have to feel like—(Listens)—Thank you but... thats not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights but occasionally..
 Joey:(on phone) Yeah my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
 Joey:Yeah she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
 Joey:Big day.
 Joey:All right Ill give you this Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean hes got the monocle hes got the top hat...
 Joey:How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
 Joey:No still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name thats more neutral.
 Joey:Plus yknow I think it should be Joe. Yknow Joey makes me sound like Im I dunno this big. (Waitress looks at him funny) Which Im not.
 Joey:Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.
 Joey:(Writes it down) Joe Stalin. Yknow thats pretty good.
 Joey:Joseph Stalin. I think youd remember that!
 Joey:Whereve you been?
 Joey:(To Chandler) Hey! He beat ya.
 Joey:I cant believe it Ross. This sucks!
 Joey:Isnt there any way you can keep him?
 Joey:How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
 Joey:Did you call the cops?
 Joey:(entering) You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?
 Joey:Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. Youd think you wouldve known that!
 Joey:Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?
 Joey:We we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
 Joey:I dunno what to say Ross. Uh its a monkey.
 Joey:Marcel Im hungry.
 Joey:Hi uh Ill be reading for the role of Mercutio.
 Joey:Holden McGroin.
 Joey:Exellent dream score.
 Joey:I dont know. What are you wearing?
 Joey:Hey hey Chan. She could work for you.
 Joey:What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
 Joey:How young is young Ethan? Young?
 Joey:Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesnt mean...
 Joey:All right relax relax. Just relax just relax. Be cool be cool.
 Joey:Services? (Ross looks at him) Oh services.
 Joey:Hey hey. How was the first day?
 Joey:Oh... Yeah you do.
 Joey:(reaches for hi scones) My scones.
 Joey:All right. (Moves closer.)
 Joey:So tell me. Was it like you and Chandler and then you and me or you and me and Chandler?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Listen the next time you talk to him can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
 Joey:Stegosaurus!
 Joey:What about Andr�?
 Joey:Theyre here already?
 Joey:Uh moist yeah.
 Joey:All right all right. (he comes out from their apartment with a huge sandwich in his hand)
 Joey:For the ride.
 Joey:All right Im going. Im going.
 Joey:Do we have to know about that?
 Joey:Im gonna be in the waitin room handing out cigars.
 Joey:(to the screen) Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot or just fall down. Thats good too.
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:Hey listen lady....(sees that shes pregnant)...whoa.
 Joey:Oh yeah? And who do you like?
 Joey:The Celtics? Ha. They couldnt hit a boat if...wait. They suck alright?
 Joey:Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey we need a father over here! We need a father!
 Joey:Oh oh oh sorry.
 Joey:Oh uh ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin in here.
 Joey:Tribbiani.
 Joey:(takes phone) Hi yeah its me. (Listens) Oh no no no were just friends. (Listens) Yeah Im single. (Listens) 25. (Listens) An actor. (Listens) Hello?
 Joey:Yeah so uh so uh whats the deal with this father guy I mean if someone was havin my baby somewhere Id wanna know about it you know?
 Joey:Ok look maybe I should just go.
 Joey:Good luck and uh take care huh?
 Joey:You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
 Joey:Oh it is.
 Joey:It is.
 Joey:Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
 Joey:(panicked) Water breaking what do you mean? Whats that water breaking?
 Joey:Come on Lydia you can do it. Push! Push em out push em out harder harder. Push em out push em out way out! Lets get that ball and really move hey hey ho ho. Lets— (notices the nurse looking at him strangely) I was just—yeah right. Push! Push!
 Joey:Oh just had a baby.
 Joey:Relax. Youre only at nine centimeters. And the babys at zero station.
 Joey:Ben Ben hey Ben. Nothing. I dont think thats his name.
 Joey:He doesnt do much does he?
 Joey:Hey Chan can you help me out here? I promise Ill pay you back.
 Joey:I will really. Ill pay you back this time.
 Joey:Well... Im helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
 Joey:Oh just yknow.... science.
 Joey:(sigh)... Its a fertility study.
 Joey:Alright come on you guys its not that big a deal. Really... I mean I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey hey but at the end of two weeks I get seven hundred dollars.
 Joey:We make fire. Cook meat.
 Joey:Oh OK.
 Joey:I dont know shes uh.... shes pretty great.
 Joey:What you think Im gonna tell a girl I like that Im also seeing a cup?
 Joey:Well the tough thing is she really wants to have sex with me.
 Joey:Yeah well I still got a week left to go in the program and according to the rules if I want to get the money Im not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments if you know what I mean.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:The country?
 Joey:Oh no! How can she do that when shes never shown any interest in you?!?
 Joey:Hes right man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
 Joey:Listen buddy were just looking out for you.
 Joey:We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me but... I love you man. (Joey gives Ross a hug)
 Joey:Like the three musketeers only with fruit.
 Joey:Well not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night were gonna... complete the transaction if you know what I...
 Joey:Then you do. Heh heh.
 Joey:What do you mean?
 Joey:Not following you.
 Joey:(to Rachel) That book got me through some tough times.
 Joey:(pats Chandler on the leg) Thats good just keep rubbing your head. Thatll turn back time.
 Joey:Well given that hes desperately in love with you he probably wouldnt mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
 Joey:The country.
 Joey:Hes right cause if youre just gonna like break his heart thats the kind of thing that can wait.
 Joey:Heh heh. It was nothin.
 Joey:(panicked) Uhhh.. yknow what? Forget about me. Lets uh... lets give you another turn.
 Joey:Sure! Why not?
 Joey:How do you mean?
 Joey:Shhhh!
 Joey:Shes still asleep.
 Joey:Oh it was amazing. You know how you always think youre great in bed?
 Joey:Well its like last night I couldnt do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man oh man it was like a ticker tape parade!
 Joey:It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me too. Its like all of a sudden Im blind. But all my other senses are heightened yknow? Its like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
 Joey:I know! Neither did I!
 Joey:Seven hundred bucks!
 Joey:Man hell of a two weeks huh? Yknow what though? I really feel like I learned something.
 Joey:What are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back does he walk around like this? (Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.)
 Joey:Um this?
 Joey:What up?!
 Joey:(answering the phone) Hello? Oh hi. Yeah hold on a second. Ross its Julie for you. (Throws him the phone.)
 Joey:Needs some clothes altered?
 Joey:Why dont you go see Frankie? My familys been goin to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait 16. No scuse me 15. (still confused) All right when was 1990?
 Joey:(to Chandler) You know I think I was sixteen.
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no (grabs his pants) Im not fallin for that again.
 Joey:Whoa whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?
 Joey:Hey Chandler when you see Frankie tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. Hell know what it means.
 Joey:Can we see her?
 Joey:Howre you doing?
 Joey:Ooh that bad huh?
 Joey:Look I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. Its one of my gifts.
 Joey:You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
 Joey:What about her? Theyve only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
 Joey:Look Rach Rach! Ive been with my share of women. In fact Ive been with like a lot of peoples share of women. The point is Ive never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
 Joey:Frankie? Whatre you talking about?
 Joey:No way. Ive been going to the guy for 12 years.
 Joey:Thats how they do pants! First they go up one side they move it over then they go up the other side they move it back and then they do the rear. (Chandler and Ross stare at him) What? Ross Ross would you tell him? Isnt that how they measure pants?
 Joey:What? Thats not? (Realizes) Oh my God.
 Joey:Hey when the doctor does that hernia test...
 Joey:I swear to god Dad. Thats not how they measure pants.
 Joey:(joins him) I gotta get one too.
 Joey:Yeah we know but theres a baby suckin on it.
 Joey:Uh does it hurt?
 Joey:Chandler?
 Joey:Ok I got one I got one. Uh if he blows into one does the other one get bigger?
 Joey:Monica whatre you doin? You cant go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
 Joey:(A guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (An attractive woman walks by.) Hey Annabelle.
 Joey:Who?
 Joey:Whats he doin in my section?
 Joey:Well hes gonna. Ill see you a little later ok? (To the Hombre Man) Hey how ya doin?
 Joey:Listen I know youre new but its kinda understood that everything from Young Mens to the escalator is my territory.
 Joey:Yeah. Bijan for men?
 Joey:(to a guy) Bijan for men? (to a guy) Bijan for men? (To a woman) Bijan for... (Sees its a woman and stops.) (To Annabelle who walks up.) Hey Annabelle Uh listen I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
 Joey:(To a co-worker) Hey its not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. (A customer walks by.) Bijan for men? (The customer ignores him and Joey starts to chase him) Bijan for men?!
 Joey:What is the big deal? (Tastes the breast milk.)
 Joey:Yeah its kinda sweet sorta like uh...
 Joey:Exactly.
 Joey:(sitting on the otherside of the counter from Chandler) Gimme a box a juice. Well they switched me over to Hombre.
 Joey:Or maybe its because this guys doing so good they wanna put more people on it. (Chandler pours some juice in a glass.) You should see this guy Chandler he goes through two bottles a day.
 Joey:I know but I was the best you know? I liked being the best. (He downs the glass of juice in one swig.) I dont know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
 Joey:Yeah I guess youre right.
 Joey:Im gonna do it. (He downs the juice in one swig again.)
 Joey:Mornin. (The Hombre man ignores him) I said mornin.
 Joey:Yeah Im ready.
 Joey:These new kids they never last. Sooner or later they all...stop lastin. Listen uh what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
 Joey:Im tellin ya that girl totally winked at me.
 Joey:Morning hey you made pancakes?
 Joey:(sarcastically) Good morning.
 Joey:(under his breath) Kiss her! Kiss her!
 Joey:B-bye Janice. So when ya dumpin her.
 Joey:Come on quite yankin me.
 Joey:This is Janice.
 Joey:Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me without blinking that youre not breaking up with her. No blinking.
 Joey:(entering) Their not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. Their not breaking up. He didnt blink or anything.
 Joey:Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?
 Joey:There you go! Thats the spirit Im looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right whos first? Huh? Ross?
 Joey:Yeah well call that Plan B. All right?
 Joey:Wheel!
 Joey:Fortune! This guy is so stupid. (yelling) Its Count Rushmore!!
 Joey:I say I am there! Cool! Aw is Ross going to?
 Joey:Jan-ice. Cause I just I feel bad for Ross you know we-we always go together were like the three hocke-teers.
 Joey:No Yeeees. God how do I say this. (walks into the kitchen Chandler follows closely he turns around and gets startled). Oh hi you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair (holds his hands up to signify she has big hair)?
 Joey:Look I dont hate Janice shes-shes just a lot to take you know.
 Joey:Oh hey. Come on man dont look at me like that she used to drive you nuts before too remember?
 Joey:Look what do you want me to say?
 Joey:I cant. Its like this chemical thing you know. Every time she starts laughing I just wanna (grimaces and tenses up) pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
 Joey:Yeah then-then whos the guy that painted the faces on the mountain? (Chandler gives him a look like You stupid idiot!)
 Joey:I ah I never said hate I was very careful about that.
 Joey:And you got a hate from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
 Joey:But what does that gonna do...
 Joey:Okay. Im in.
 Joey:Does it have to be a whole day?
 Joey:Yeah I know I sleep in the next room.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah yeah. We went to a Mets game we got Chinese food and you know I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
 Joey:Im sorry man I tired I really did.
 Joey:But hey look you know the good thing is is that we spent the whole day together and I survived and whats even more amazing so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
 Joey:No man thats huge! Now I know I can stand to be around her which means I get to hang out with you which is kinda the whole point anyway.
 Joey:Oh hey Chandler we ah we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
 Joey:Hey if it makes you feel any better I do it too.
 Joey:Oh yeah I always picture your Mom when Im having sex.
 Joey:All right they got water orange juice and what looks like cider. (takes a glass from the fridge.)
 Joey:(drinks from the glass and puts it back in the fridge) Yep its fat. I drank fat!
 Joey:We have a half hour.
 Joey:Relax Ross well be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
 Joey:Hey Ross want some cider?
 Joey:Glass of fat?
 Joey:Whats a matter Ross? What youre nervous about your speech?
 Joey:Am I in it?
 Joey:Whoa!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:How is this your seat?
 Joey:But then you left.
 Joey:Whats the big deal sit somewhere else.
 Joey:Well actually the last place you were sitting was in there (points to the bathroom). Soo...
 Joey:All right! You can have the chair.
 Joey:Oh my would you look at that! (holds up crossed fingers)
 Joey:Im so sorry.
 Joey:Me too. In fact I think I might be a little too comfortable.
 Joey:Monica how are you gonna do that?
 Joey:Wow what a cool job. (in a machine voice) You have two new messages. Please pass the pie.
 Joey:Hey you cant say youre breezy that that totally negates the breezy.
 Joey:Now she sounded breezy.
 Joey:Okay. (he gets up and takes the cushions with him as he starts to leave)
 Joey:You said I had to give you the chair you didnt say anything about the cushions.
 Joey:Thats right! Im taking the essence.
 Joey:(entering) Wheres my underwear?!
 Joey:Because Im not wearing any underwear now.
 Joey:Its a rented tux. Okay. Im not gonna go commando in another mans fatigues.
 Joey:Okay you hide my clothes. Im gonna do the exact opposite to you.
 Joey:Hey opposite is opposite! (leaves)
 Joey:Okay buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes Im wearing everything you own.
 Joey:Look at me! Im Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasnt going commando...
 Joey:Yeah. Whew its hot with all of this stuff on. I ah I better not do any I dont know lunges. (starts doing lunges)
 Joey:Yeah Ross way to ruin it. I was just going to get dressed.
 Joey:You could drink the fat.
 Joey:Yaaaay!
 Joey:Lets see what else hell do!
 Joey:(from bedroom) WHOAA!!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:No I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks. (points to the sling he is wearing)
 Joey:Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
 Joey:What is this? Fruit?
 Joey:Whoa jam! I love jam! (to Chandler) Hey how come we never have jam at our place?
 Joey:This will just be my batch.
 Joey:Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
 Joey:(with food in his mouth) You talked to him. Are you crazy?
 Joey:(with his mouthful) Hey I didnt stalk her. I mean (he sprays Phoebe with crumbs)
 Joey:Aww. (tastes it) Ohh!
 Joey:Put your hands together.
 Joey:No more jam?!
 Joey:Check it out!! Jam crackers!
 Joey:Yeah the Knicks rule!
 Joey:Let me see. (goes over and looks at the form) Oh right.
 Joey:Well right after I did that sex study down at NYU. (to Chandler) Hey Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
 Joey:Noooo thats what I was wearing when I donated. Im kinda surprised theres any of my boys left.
 Joey:Maybe I should call this place and get them to put my Days of Our Lives on here. You know juice this puppy up a little.
 Joey:Orrr you could follow him and see where he goes.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Where you going?
 Joey:Sperm or regular?
 Joey:So youre really doing this huh?
 Joey:Sounds nice.
 Joey:No kiddin hmm.
 Joey:No I-I figured you wouldve picked a blond guy.
 Joey:I dont know I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall smart blond guys name like.... Hoyt.
 Joey:Its a name yeah. I saw you you know in this great house with a big pool.
 Joey:Hes got the body for it.
 Joey:You guys have one of those signs that says We dont swim in your toilet so dont pee in our pool. you know.
 Joey:Sure you do it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Sure! (Monica gets very depressed) But hey you know this way sounds good too.
 Joey:Oh Monica. (goes over and hugs her then looks at the form and stops hugging her.) Wow this guys an astronaut. That wouldve been cool (sees Monica) for like a day. (hugs her again).
 Joey:I called the sperm bank today they havent sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean I-I-I dont get it (tries to drink the rest of the jam out of the jar and gets it all over his face on his chin nose etc.) Maybe if they met me in person.
 Joey:(wipes a little jam from the corner of his mouth) Did I get it?
 Joey:You guys can we please not watch this all right.
 Joey:(on tv) Oh you said it Mike. (rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! Theres got to be a better way!
 Joey:Can we please turn this off?
 Joey:(on TV finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow it is easy. (starts to poor the milk) Now I can have milk everyday.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didnt show up at the audition I didnt know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
 Joey:How is it you?
 Joey:Yep thats my audition.
 Joey:Well Estelle tried you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
 Joey:Pheebs you cant do that. The casting director doesnt talk to friends she only talks to agents.
 Joey:What what are you doing? What are you doing?
 Joey:Hang up hang up. (reaches with his good arm but Phoebe grabs it and he tries to reach the phone with his other arm but cant because of the sling.)
 Joey:I love that movie. (Joey is using it as a pillow)
 Joey:Im sorry it just felt nice.
 Joey:Hey I only got one good arm you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
 Joey:Hey you know about that?!
 Joey:Well Ive never been through the tunnel myself cause as I understand it youre not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car right. But it seems to me its pretty much like anything else you know face your fear. It have a fear of heights you go to the top of the building! If youre afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case you have a fear of commitment so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
 Joey:Oh yeah. Go for it man jump off the high dive stare down the barrel of the gun pee into the wind!
 Joey:Come on baby come on!
 Joey:Thank you so much.
 Joey:You were amazing could you just do me this huge favor you see theres this one other audition that I really really want and Estelle couldnt get me in.
 Joey:Come on please itll be just this one more well actually its two.
 Joey:Yeah! Well well really its three. Please. Youre so good at it. I love you.
 Joey:Nooo four.
 Joey:(entering) G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?
 Joey:Pheebs! There you are!
 Joey:But Phoebe wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! (catches her in the hallway)
 Joey:Look listen that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
 Joey:Its okay these things happen.
 Joey:Im Im okay. See. (tries to smile but fails horribly)
 Joey:No! No no you cant quit! Youre the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs rejection is part being an actor you cant take it personally.
 Joey:They actually said that?
 Joey:No no no see thats why you have to do this job agents always lie. You know Estelle just says stuff like They went another way but this I can use this. (in a very bad Italian accent) I canna work on a new accent.
 Joey:Okay shoot.
 Joey:I didnt get it?
 Joey:Okay what else?
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Look its okay no no no really look um I really appreciate this Pheebs but I think Im gonna have to go back to Estelle.
 Joey:Yeah well dont get me wrong youre a better agent than she is but at least with her I dont want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
 Joey:You do thanks.
 Joey:Wait a minute.
 Joey:Wait a minute did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
 Joey:(in a really really bad Italian accent) Thats-ah what I suspected-ah.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No. Yknow how we’re always saying we need a place for the mail.
 Joey:Well I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.
 Joey:No an entertainment unit with a mail cubby built right in. It’s a one day job max.
 Joey:Oh yeah. These are my old work pants Sergio Valente’s.
 Joey:Power saw kinda got away from me there.
 Joey:Her what?
 Joey:Hey Monica who would yours be?
 Joey:It’s just a game Mon. (makes a ‘Can-you-believe-her’ face to the rest of the gang.) Rach how about you?
 Joey:Hey-hey!
 Joey:I know.
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry. Did I get ‘ya?
 Joey:Calm down do you want this unit or not?
 Joey:Well you should’ve told me that before I’m not a mind reader. Hey we’re out of beer. I’m going to Monica’s.
 Joey:Oh Monica listen I ah I saw down at the hardware store they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
 Joey:Nothing. It’s just old and dingy that’s all.
 Joey:Oh yeah. If you ah move your hamper you see what color the tile used to be. (Monica gasps) Yeah.
 Joey:Relax. Here hold this (hands her his beer). This old stuff just comes right off. (he bends down to try and lift some tile right in the middle of the floor in his tight pants.)
 Joey:(manages to pry off only a small piece) Aw! Look at that every inch of this stuff is glued down. It’d take forever to pry this up. You should ah you should just leave it. (starts to walk away but Monica grabs him)
 Joey:Eh! There you go.
 Joey:(yelling from bathroom) Hey does somebody wanna hand me one of those tiles.
 Joey:Ooh very official.
 Joey:Why don’t we just go on two.
 Joey:Because it’s faster.
 Joey:All right but in the future...
 Joey:So we are going on two?
 Joey:Wow it’s big!
 Joey:Maybe my ruler’s wrong.
 Joey:Look it’s not that bad. So what it blocks a little of your door a little of my door.
 Joey:Yeah listen before I forget that side is still wet.
 Joey:Yknow what?
 Joey:I bet ‘ya ya I could fit in there. (points to a hole in the center)
 Joey:Get out your checkbook mister.
 Joey:You are dogged man! I totally fit!
 Joey:Thank you. Cha-ching! (Chandler starts to leave) Oh well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. (Chandler leaves and closes the door) And the drinks are on me!
 Joey:Well that’s really a different question.
 Joey:Well there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
 Joey:Okay but let’s say there was. How might that go?
 Joey:Hey there’s a dog out there!
 Joey:Don’t you ah don’t you wanna ask me any questions?
 Joey:Well ah I’m an actor. I’m fairly neat. I ah I got my own TV. Oh and don’t worry I’m totally okay with the gay thing.
 Joey:Ah yknow just in general people being gay thing. I’m totally cool with that.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hey! (goes into the apartment)
 Joey:Oh no thanks I got it. (picks it up) No I don’t!
 Joey:Whew! Stood up to fast got a little head rush.
 Joey:That’s a uh that’s a tough combination.
 Joey:Like you wouldn’t believe. (they go into the apartment) Wow! This is a great place.
 Joey:Gotcha.
 Joey:Oh you bet I am!
 Joey:You said you wanna come in for some lemonade?
 Joey:Whoa ah!! We’re you just gonna give me some lemonade?
 Joey:Oh right right.
 Joey:Well usually...yeah! Well not just lemonade iced tea sometimes juice. Well sorry I just I thought you liked me. I’m such a jerk.
 Joey:Baywatch.
 Joey:Lifeguards.
 Joey:Nicole Eggert. Youll like her.
 Joey:They do that a lot. Hey you want a beer?
 Joey:No no no don’t get up I got a cooler right here.
 Joey:Cool!!
 Joey:Question. Was ah ‘Egg the Gellers!’ the war cry of your neighbourhood?
 Joey:Booo!!
 Joey:(entering) Hey you guys!
 Joey:Guess what?
 Joey:I got a gig!
 Joey:Well it’s not a part no. I’m teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
 Joey:Yeah yeah. It’s like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
 Joey:(glares at him) I know!
 Joey:Good evening. I’m Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um on my first day as (proudly) Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives (looks for a reaction from his students and gets none.) I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting this does not mean acting again it means you don’t have a line but someone else just did. And it goes like this. (looks all intense for a moment and then gasps the students cheer him) Thanks thanks a lot. Oh by the way before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right moving right along.
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Oh it was great. Yeah you get to say stuff like ’Hey the bell doesn’t dismiss you I dismiss you.’
 Joey:Oh and guess what I got an audition for All My Children.
 Joey:Yeah it’s this great part this boxer named Nick. And I’m so so right for it yknow he’s just like me. Except he’s a boxer and has an evil twin.
 Joey:Hey Monica bought a bed from the Mattress King?
 Joey:You want me to lie to Chandler?
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Hey you’re ah pretty good at this.
 Joey:Ahh!
 Joey:Hey now!
 Joey:Hey!!! Oww!! And I’m bleeding.
 Joey:Okay great.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:All right. I can’t see.
 Joey:Okay some tricks of the trade. Now I’ve never been able to cry as an actor so if I’m in a scene where I have to cry I cut a hole in my pocket take a pair of tweezers and just start pulling. Or ah or let’s say I wanna convey that I’ve just done something evil. That would be the basic ‘I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it’ (Does it by raising one eyebrow and showing off the pretend fishhook.) Okay let’s say I’ve just gotten bad news well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. (looks all confused) And that’s how it’s done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody class dismissed.
 Joey:Hey-hey.
 Joey:Awww one of my students got an audition. I’m so proud.
 Joey:You bet! What’s the part?
 Joey:Wow! That was good. That was...(points to his pocket) Tweezers?
 Joey:Whoa. That was really good.
 Joey:Well I-I might’ve said supergay.
 Joey:Because Monica the guy’s so good and I really really want this part.
 Joey:(sadly) There will come a time in each of your careers when you’ll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent present. And I’m ashamed to say that I took it I advised a fellow actor to play a role homosexually. Yeah we both auditioned for the part and uh as it turned out they ah they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now he’s got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi the first lady of daytime television and me me I’m stuck here teaching a bunch of people most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry. (he gets a huge round of applause from his students.) Thank you.
 Joey:All right Jester man look we wanna see the king.
 Joey:Oh-ho-kay I’m talking to the king. (starts to go to a back room)
 Joey:(entering with Monica) Hey is is is Chandler here?
 Joey:Well I was thinking about that and I I think the best way would be to not.
 Joey:It’ll kill him. I mean it’ll it’ll just kill him.
 Joey:(looking out the window) Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
 Joey:What did they do?
 Joey:Hey-hey Ross?
 Joey:I’ve got a science question.
 Joey:If the Homo Sapiens were in fact ‘Homo-sapien’ is that why there extinct?
 Joey:Hey-hey I’m not judging.
 Joey:I’d really prefer a mountain bike.
 Joey:Whoa whoa whoa wait whoa. Do you ah want to get her something speacial get her flowers get her candy get her gum girls love gum.
 Joey:Oh you want something serious. Yknow what you should do you should get her one of those um barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
 Joey:(stopping him) No no you can’t you can’t okay you can’t you can’t buy her pearls you just can’t you can’t you can’t.
 Joey:Oh God. Uh okay here’s the thing this is the thing okay the thing is...
 Joey:Okay. I went down to the ‘Mattress King’ showroom and and I saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.
 Joey:They were in his office.
 Joey:I’m telling you man I saw it.
 Joey:I’m not wrong! I wish I was. I’m sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn’t sound so bad now huh?
 Joey:You said number two.
 Joey:I know. (giggles harder)
 Joey:Uh.
 Joey:Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still. (Phoebe runs to the window and gasps.)
 Joey:I’m tellin’ ya he hasn’t moved since this morning.
 Joey:Well there is one way. His window’s open I say we poke him.
 Joey:Hey! Yknow how we ah save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
 Joey:Well now we got a reason.
 Joey:Well we’re fashioning a very long poking device.
 Joey:Hey uh what’s a matter?
 Joey:Oh my God is she going back to him?
 Joey:What are you ah what are you gonna do?
 Joey:Well it doesn’t matter what I would do.
 Joey:All right you’re probably not gonna want to hear this but ah if it was me and this is just me (Chandler gets ready to throw another dart) I would ah I would bow out.
 Joey:They have a kid together yknow. They’re like they’re like a family and if I don’t know there’s chance they could make that work I know I wouldn’t want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah come poke a nude guy?
 Joey:All right now remember something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
 Joey:All right ladies and gentlemen let’s poke. (they start to advance the giant poking device) Steady. Steady. Okay a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay okay we’re approaching the window (as he says this the camera cuts to their view of Ugly Naked Guy so that we actually see him!) Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
 Joey:Okay retract the device retract the device.
 Joey:Hey that’s never gonna make it all the way over here buddy!
 Joey:Hey who wants to ah throw the ball around a little maybe get a little three on three going?
 Joey:Great you can cover Chandler.
 Joey:Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
 Joey:Chandler you have to start getting over her. All right if you play you get some fresh air maybe it’ll take your mind off Janice and if you don’t play everyone will be mad at you ‘cause the teams won’t be even. Come on.
 Joey:Says who? Your mom?
 Joey:All right we have to pick captains.
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:(to his team) All right huddle up right over here.
 Joey:I got it. (catches the ball)
 Joey:Set....hike!
 Joey:Haaaaa! Hey-hey thanks for stopping our ball.
 Joey:Yeah! Wow your like from a whole other country.
 Joey:Hi-hi I’m Joey.
 Joey:I’m sorry Dutch I didn’t get that last little bit.
 Joey:Her name is Dutch and also Marklan.
 Joey:Mar-klan.
 Joey:I think so.
 Joey:Thanks man but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself yknow.
 Joey:Oh yeah that. All right means that much to ya I’ll let you have her.
 Joey:Well I don’t like to say it out loud but yeah! Don’t feel bad man we all have our strengths. You’re better with numbers and stuff.
 Joey:Fumble!
 Joey:What the hell’s the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
 Joey:All right that’s it. Yknow I was still gonna let you have her. But now forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
 Joey:Pheebs run!
 Joey:After!!
 Joey:It’s hard yknow his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
 Joey:What are you gonna do?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Here you go!
 Joey:Yeah Chandler finds me so intimdating that it’s better if we’re on the same team.
 Joey:Ah well the ah Pennsylvania Dutch come from Pennsylvania.
 Joey:Nice try. (to Margha) See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
 Joey:Whoa whoa no no I-I’m not playing with this guy now.
 Joey:Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn’t understand the question.
 Joey:Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
 Joey:This sucks I was just up by that much!
 Joey:(looking at the timer) Thirty seconds left on the timer!
 Joey:When they’re hungry enough they’ll come in.
 Joey:And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.
 Joey:What? Me having a job?
 Joey:Well I’m pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey Phoebe listen you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees their fulfilling their life purpose by by making people happy.
 Joey:Hey. What what are you doing here?
 Joey:Look now Phoebe remember hey their just fulfilling their Christmas....
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Oh that’s that’s ah one of the old ones he’s just taking it to the back.
 Joey:Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.
 Joey:Well they go into the chipper.
 Joey:(to the guy operating the chipper) Hey! Hey!! (makes the ‘cut it’ motion with his hands)
 Joey:All right I’ll take a box of the cream filled Jesus’s.
 Joey:Look Rach wasn’t this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
 Joey:If you ask me as long as you got this job you’ve got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
 Joey:(entering interrupting Rachel) Hey! I got great news!
 Joey:What? Rachel listen have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
 Joey:Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
 Joey:Not a problem.
 Joey:And now for the great news.
 Joey:Only if you think it’s better than this... (holds up an aerosol can) snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon you want me to decorate the window give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
 Joey:Okay and ah this one here is a Douglas Fir now it’s a little more money but you get a nicer smell.
 Joey:Yeah the ah trees that don’t fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
 Joey:Pheebs you gotta stop this I working on commission here.
 Joey:(simulating an echo) Ten ten.. nine nine nine.... eight eight eight... (Chandler hits him in the back of the head) Okay Blast off!
 Joey:Okay pick a card any card. (Monica picks one) All right now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
 Joey:All right give it back to me. (takes the card back but he looks at the card before he puts it back in the deck he holds the deck to his forehead and thinks a little while) 5 of hearts.
 Joey:I can’t tell you that no.
 Joey:All right all right all right all right all right you really wanna know how I did it I’ll show ya. When you handed me back the card what you didn’t see was I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. (picks up a card and quickly looks at it) I just did it. (does it again) I just did it again. Here I’ll slow it down so that you guys can see it. (looks and the card in slow motion)
 Joey:Man I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna just laughing and talking. God it killed me.
 Joey:Sorry I just any excuse to tell that story yknow....
 Joey:I don’t know Chandler is supposed to be passin’ ‘em around...
 Joey:Chandler!
 Joey:Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
 Joey:No only for sex.
 Joey:Hey!! Hey-hey-hey!
 Joey:(angrily entering to Chandler) Can I talk to you for a second?!
 Joey:Come on!! (motions for Chandler to come with him)
 Joey:I just got off the phone with my sister.
 Joey:Mary-Angela.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Why don’t you ask Chandler ‘cause he’s the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin’ over Janice by groping my sister.
 Joey:Really? That’s great! You and my sister sittin’ in a tree.
 Joey:Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
 Joey:You are so the man! (motions him to come in and he does) Now look listen listen you got to be cool ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know about you two yet and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolinis hanging body. Yeah.
 Joey:She’s right in there. (motions to the living room)
 Joey:What’s goin’ on?
 Joey:What?! How could you do that how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
 Joey:Well that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you’d be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
 Joey:No! No! No! No I’m not going to punch Chandler.
 Joey:No you won’t. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him he’s sorry. But (to Chandler) you’ve got one more apology to make all right you’ve got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Cookie now you can punch him!
 Joey:All right that’s it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. (gets up) This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! (stops and turns around and asks Rachel) But is he a big guy?
 Joey:(hanging up the phone) Yes! Guess whos in an audition for a Broadway musical?
 Joey:It is me! Its a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think Im gonna sing New York New York and ah oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Who?
 Joey:The what?
 Joey:Oh okay. (to Ross) The what?
 Joey:(singing) Youve got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss (picks a handkerchief from the pianists pocket) youve got to pick a pocket or two..........
 Joey:Really? Thanks.
 Joey:Excellent Ill be there.
 Joey:Ahhh! My ah my agent said it wasnt a dancing part.
 Joey:Hey everybody lies on their resume okay. I wasnt one of the Zoom Kids either.
 Joey:Yeah I can dance yknow. (starts to dance really really really badly)
 Joey:Sure it looks stupid now theres no music playing.
 Joey:Get out! I couldnt stop if a meteor hit me.
 Joey:Well sure you name a kid that what do you expect them to grow up to be?
 Joey:(reading) The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...
 Joey:Whoa Im not done.
 Joey:Done.
 Joey:Marks a genius!
 Joey:And before you know it shes with him. And youll be all Ohh man! And hell be all Yes! And us well be like Wh-whoa dude. And pretty soon youll be like (sadly) Hhiii and and and I cant go Rachel and Mark might be there. And well be like Man get over it its been four years!!
 Joey:So does that mean the audition is off?
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Its ah step-ity step and jazz hands.
 Joey:Bye. (does the jazz hands)
 Joey:I know it was the best I could get out of them.
 Joey:People people people.
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
 Joey:Cool.
 Joey:Well you might wanna make a little extra yknow you’ll probably be hungry after the sex.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Check the freezer. If there’s none in there then we’re probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It’s late.
 Joey:I discovered I’m able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
 Joey:Oh I was reading it last night and I got scared so.
 Joey:Well safer. Yknow I mean I never start reading The Shining without making sure we’ve got plenty of room in the freezer yknow.
 Joey:Haven’t you ever read the same book over and over again?
 Joey:The question should be Rach what is not so great about The Shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it’s way better than that classic of yours.
 Joey:All right you got it.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Ah now Rach these ah these little women.
 Joey:How little are they? I mean are they like scary little?
 Joey:These little women. Wow!
 Joey:Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo’s manuscript. I don’t see how he could ever forgive her.
 Joey:But Jo’s got a crush on Laurie. (Ross nods his head) Oh. You mean it’s like a girl-girl thing? ‘Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
 Joey:No wonder Rachel had to read this so many times.
 Joey:(noticing Chandler) What are you doing? (he pushes Chandler back to his side of the couch) Get back over on your side of the... (sees Robert in all his glory) Hello!! (to Robert) Hi I’m Joey we haven’t met.
 Joey:Hey Robert could you ah ha pass me those cookies?
 Joey:Hey! (starts to laugh.) How’s it going?
 Joey:Hey Rach how you doing with The Shining?
 Joey:Oooh the next part’s the best when that dead lady in the bathtub...
 Joey:All right I’ll talk in code. (to Ross and Chandler) Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
 Joey:Oh all blank and no blank make’s blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no no the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank but then at last second they get away. Aww!
 Joey:Hey! Mine was by accident! All right the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel and kills the dad.
 Joey:Beth Beth dies?
 Joey:Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
 Joey:Then why would you say that?!
 Joey:Beth is really really sick.
 Joey:Jo’s there but I don’t think there’s anything she could do.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(nodding his head) Okay.
 Joey:Wow! This girl is good.
 Joey:(to Leslie) So ah Phoebe tells us you write jingles.
 Joey:(to Leslie) Ah anything we might of heard of?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Wow that was kinda brutal.
 Joey:Ah he can’t make it he said he had to his... (sees Ginger) Whoa-oh! (hides behind the coat rack.)
 Joey:Phew close one.
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Is ah is Chandler around?
 Joey:Oooh.
 Joey:Nooo. No no ah are you sure it wasn’t something that sounded like Ginger like ah Gingeer?
 Joey:Aww man. That’s the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he’s my roommate she’s gonna tell him what I did.
 Joey:What oh oh oh no no I can’t I can’t tell you that it’s like the most awful horrible thing I’ve ever done my whole life.
 Joey:All right!! Okay it was like four years ago. Okay Ginger and I had gone out a few times and then this one weekend we went up to her Dad’s cabin. Just me her and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night I cooked this really romantic dinner....
 Joey:I wish. No. After dinner me her and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So I picked up a log and threw it on. Or at least what I thought was a log.
 Joey:I wish. See I guess another thing I probably should’ve told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah artificial leg.
 Joey:I ran!!
 Joey:(entering from his bedroom) Morning.
 Joey:(to Chandler) Heard about the leg burnin’ huh?
 Joey:Listen I ah I know it’s a longshot. But by any chance did she find that funny?
 Joey:Yeah. You okay?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Where have you been?
 Joey:(to Monica) Hey how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?
 Joey:Done.
 Joey:So Pheebs what’s this guy like?
 Joey:Yeah are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Uh yknow what we’re having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we’ll need a little more time to think about it.
 Joey:Both of us? (points to Chandler and himself)
 Joey:We’ll be there.
 Joey:Uh 1030.
 Joey:430.
 Joey:Yeah. Hey remember when she brought up that thing about the three of us?
 Joey:She was kidding about that right?
 Joey:God that would be weird it that situation presented itself tonight huh?
 Joey:Dude I don’t know.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be never open your eyes. Yknow because you don’t want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don’t want to be seeing.
 Joey:Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh hey how do we decide where we... (clears throat) yknow each would (clears throat again) yknow (pause) be?
 Joey:Yeah I guess but what’s like heads and what’s tails?
 Joey:So what are you gonna do?
 Joey:Yeah tell that to my Uncle Lenny.
 Joey:Nothing he’s just really believes in that.
 Joey:(Voice Over) Previously on Friends.
 Joey:Yeah. We figured when we couldn’t find you you’d gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
 Joey:Look Ross look I’m on board about this totally honesty thing I am just not about stuff that’s gonna get you in trouble.
 Joey:Yeah and there won’t be a relationship left to rebuild.
 Joey:All right okay now we just have to make sure she doesn’t find out some other way. (spins the chair around so that Ross is facing him) Did you think about the trail?
 Joey:(stomps on the footrest which pops Ross up into a sitting position) The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! (slapping his hands with each word) You always have to think about the trail!
 Joey:Yeah I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men that’s all. I mean come on it’s just a little wax.
 Joey:Okay fine so now what I just pull it off?
 Joey:Don’t answer that.
 Joey:Awful! Horrible!
 Joey:She was nothing compared to you.
 Joey:Ewwwww!
 Joey:Yknow what I don’t think we should listen to this anymore. (Goes to open the door)
 Joey:Why not?! (to Chandler) I’m hungry.
 Joey:Yeah we’ll be fine.
 Joey:Oh man pizza? I like pizza. (makes like he is trying to send a telepathic message to Rachel) Put olives on the pizza.
 Joey:You think I need a new walk?
 Joey:Well yknow I’ve been walking the same way since high school. Yknow yknow how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a ‘take notice’ walk.
 Joey:Whoa-ho-ho! (He looks at Chandler who gives him a ‘come on’ look.) Yeah okay.
 Joey:Maybe she killed him?
 Joey:(whispering) No I really have to pee.
 Joey:Can I see the comics?
 Joey:Okay may I see the comics?
 Joey:Yeah you shoulda been there last night.
 Joey:Well Ross was hangin’ out over at our place Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
 Joey:Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
 Joey:Well I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened that she should of forgiven him by now.
 Joey:I had the same dream!
 Joey:Oh I had the opposite dream.
 Joey:Yeah I mean it’s never taken me a week to get over a relationship.
 Joey:Rach it’s it’s ah it’s not that we don’t want to really. (quietly) Are we talking models in their underwear?
 Joey:(He turns around to Chandler looking for approval to go with Rachel Chandler mouths ‘Come on!’) (turning back to Rachel) Ross did ask us first and we set that night aside.
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:You’re smoking again?!
 Joey:(obviously cold) Hey can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
 Joey:It’ll be great for next weekend.
 Joey:It’ll be great for next weekend. I mean (in an Irish accent) it’ll be grrreat.
 Joey:Uh Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother’s cab but yknow what I’ll stay.
 Joey:(to Chandler and Monica) Hey does anybody else feel bad about Ross?
 Joey:What? Mine aren’t tinted.
 Joey:Oh now I have to go!!
 Joey:What’s going on?
 Joey:Relax okay I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
 Joey:Look I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
 Joey:Come on! Who has the biggest boobs?
 Joey:Whoever has the biggest boobs has the biggest bra therefore has the biggest wire.
 Joey:If you wanna get back in the car we need the wire your call.
 Joey:Thank you Phoebe that is very very generous.
 Joey:(opening the door) And there you go!
 Joey:Oh yeah Smokey Joe here got half way to the highway and collapsed.
 Joey:Okay done.
 Joey:That’s ‘help’ spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
 Joey:Arrrghh!!
 Joey:Guys do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
 Joey:I-I can’t handle this you guys.
 Joey:(pause) What?
 Joey:(pause) What?
 Joey:Yeah and not put us in the middle.
 Joey:Oh what wait wait a second I mean what are we doing? Who’s going with who?
 Joey:Come on man you drove all the way up here.
 Joey:Oh nothing no. It’s an acting exercise I’m practising my fake laugh.
 Joey:What-what’s so funny?
 Joey:Yeah or-or to get a hooker.
 Joey:Pheebs he seems to enjoy it.
 Joey:Well have-have you told him how you feel?
 Joey:So we’re walking down the street and I turn to you and I say “Hey let’s go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes” remember? And then and then you turn to me and say “Nah let’s just hang out at your place.” Well that was a nice move dumb ass.
 Joey:Yeah come on think about it. You’re 18 okay she’s 44 when you’re 36 she’s gonna be 88.
 Joey:Look the point is there’s a lot of women out there you haven’t even had sex with yet!
 Joey:Yeah in a poem maybe.
 Joey:Now wh-what what is that like?
 Joey:(to Ross) Why can’t I find that?
 Joey:Well I want it!
 Joey:I don’t know maybe I can’t. I mean maybe there’s something wrong with me.
 Joey:Then you hold on to it!!
 Joey:All right congratulations you lucky bastard! (hugs him)
 Joey:I couldn’t help it there love is so pure.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hey how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?
 Joey:Every night!!
 Joey:(He’s recorded his voice on the tape) Joey’s your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. (he laughs) And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
 Joey:(entering dancing and singing) Oh mommie oh daddie I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie oh daddie I am a big old baddie! (He dances around the dinner table and exits)
 Joey:Good. (He sets his stuff down and starts talking to Kate another cast member.) Hey.
 Joey:Oh so you’re playing Adrienne huh?
 Joey:Oh no. Ah I playing your husband Victor. I’m Joey Tribianni.
 Joey:So the ah play’s pretty great huh?
 Joey:Oh forget about it. She rocks!
 Joey:Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
 Joey:Hey I’ve done plays before. I’m a serious actor.
 Joey:See I actually can pour milk but I got you believing that I couldn’t. Now see that’s acting.
 Joey:Yeah that was real.
 Joey:I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay and whenever I can’t do it they’re all like-like laughing at me.
 Joey:Wow what-what do you think she wants?
 Joey:Oh oh I got it! Pete-Chicago.
 Joey:Oh and Mississ-Pete is?
 Joey:Well why don’t you tell me what you’re supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can’t figure it out! I talk to you and nothin’. You look at me and it’s nothin’. (He kisses her) Nothing.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh hey how about this one. Ah it’s says so in the script! Yknow ah I-I don’t know why my character likes you either I mean it says in the script here that you’re a bitch.
 Joey:It does in mine!
 Joey:Just because she went to Yale drama she thinks she’s like the greatest actress since since sliced bread!
 Joey:God I just I hate her! I hate her!! With her ‘Oh I’m so talented.’ and ‘Oh I’m so pretty’ and ‘Ooh I smell so good.’
 Joey:Hey Chandler can we please stay focused on my problem here?! Yknow?
 Joey:Oh. (realises) Ohh. Ohh you’re out of your mind.
 Joey:Oh yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
 Joey:Well why don’t you tell me what you’re supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can’t figure it out! I talk to you and it’s nothin’. You look at me and nothin’. (He kisses her more passionately this time) Nothing.
 Joey:Better?
 Joey:Ah Kate?
 Joey:You ah you forgot your shoes.
 Joey:Hey listen you ah....
 Joey:...feel like getting a cup of coffee?
 Joey:Yeah yeah sure goodnight.
 Joey:Yeah! Oh my God! (to Chandler) Is this what it’s like to be you?
 Joey:Oh you have no idea. And-and when we’re on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her but then she goes home with the director and it’s like somebody’s ripping out my heart!
 Joey:Uh Pheebs you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
 Joey:Hey Kate!
 Joey:Listen I ah went to that restaurant that you were talking about last week...
 Joey:(to himself) And I ate the food I had the fish it was good yeah. It was good yeah...
 Joey:Oh hey! Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:(looks at her shocked) What?!
 Joey:Get out of here really?!
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:They gave me the shaft all right.
 Joey:Well Ahh (he sees Kate and the director kissing) yeah! Yeah sure a drink sounds great.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Come on baby don’t go. Please? What do you say?
 Joey:(to Kate) That guy’s like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
 Joey:Hey I’m not interested in her sweater! It’s what’s underneath her sweater that counts. And besides since ah since when do you care who I’m going out with?
 Joey:Do you want me to want you to care?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Come on baby don’t go. Please? What do you say?
 Joey:Hey it’s gonna be all right.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Oh yeah with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah yknow what I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
 Joey:Okay. (he gives her a peck on the cheek)
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:(to Kate) Ah are you okay?
 Joey:I don’t know.
 Joey:How do you mean?
 Joey:Maybe he could slip her the tongue.
 Joey:Yeah yeah and then Adrian she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
 Joey:And then then he could use his teeth his teeth to undo her dress and and and bite her!
 Joey:Something like that?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(to Ross) Hey.
 Joey:(to Monica) Hey.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:No-no things ah finally happened with Kate.
 Joey:Oh it was so amazing. After the (pause) love making...
 Joey:Yep. I just I just watched her sleep for like hours just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming ‘cause ‘cause her eyes keep going like this. (He closes his eyes and moves them around kinda like he’s been processed by the devil or something.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:So I ah talked to Lauren kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah did you talk to Marshall?
 Joey:Yknow about what happened with us.
 Joey:What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean come on you can’t tell me last night didn’t mean something to you. I-I was there you’re not that good an actress.
 Joey:Nooo.
 Joey:Hi Lauren.
 Joey:(on phone) Well so anyway Beth what I’m saying is I should’ve considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I’ve ah I’ve recently learned what’s it like to be on your side of it and I’m sorry. So do you think you can forgive me? (listens) Great. Thanks. Okay bye. (He sits down and crosses out something and dials the phone again.) Hello Jennifer? (listens) Oh hi Mrs. Loreo is Jennifer there? (listens) Oh she’s not home huh? (listens) Well ah actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
 Joey:(leaving Central Perk and seeing Monica laying on top of Rachel who is moaning in pain.) Oh my.
 Joey:Hey. Yknow with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
 Joey:Hey I was crying because because nobody believed Quincy’s theory. Okay?
 Joey:Saw a girl with that vest.
 Joey:(on phone) Yeah hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? ‘Cause I was watching this ah commercial on TV and man those guys are cute!
 Joey:(entering carrying a box) Hey!!
 Joey:I got you something! Open it! Open it!
 Joey:It’s cute huh?
 Joey:Oh well no problem there. (He picks up the chick hugs it really tight and talks to it like it’s a little baby.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:How’s she doing?
 Joey:Well yeah don’t-don’t you think it’s a she?
 Joey:Well anyway I got to go change I’m ah meeting some of the cast for drinks.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Hey! Who was up from 2 o’clock this morning until 5 o’clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
 Joey:Ohhh here it comes.
 Joey:Hey!! I need to relax! Okay? I was working all day!
 Joey:That’s not what I said. Okay I just meant...
 Joey:I don’t know maybe we weren’t ready to have a chick.
 Joey:Do you think we’ll get our three bucks back?
 Joey:Well the brown one brings out your eyes but your butt looks great in the blue one.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:(sees he’s watching Baywatch) Ohhh. (sees he still has the chick) Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
 Joey:Okay good good good ‘cause good ‘cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
 Joey:That’s horrible! Well you did the right thing man.
 Joey:What ‘cha doing?
 Joey:What about the chick?
 Joey:Are you sure?
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:(stopping him) Wait. Give him a minute.
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Uh listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
 Joey:Two it is. Ross how about you?
 Joey:But you said one.
 Joey:Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah you guys mean you plus one?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh hey you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
 Joey:(to Chandler) And I ah borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
 Joey:The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
 Joey:So so what’d ya think?
 Joey:I-I wasn’t in that.
 Joey:(sees Kate) Oh-oh hey-hey Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody this is Kate.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh hey Lauren. Uh you guys this is this is Kate’s understudy Lauren.
 Joey:Hey you guys this is my agent Estelle.
 Joey:No they-they weren’t in the play.
 Joey:Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
 Joey:Anyone mind if I save this?
 Joey:Hey! Are you okay?
 Joey:Listen drama critics they’re nothing but but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what you should do?
 Joey:Oh classy.
 Joey:Wow! Yeah I ah I gave up a job too.
 Joey:Uh de-clawing cats. Hey tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We’ll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
 Joey:Oh you didn’t see the Post?
 Joey:No. Why?
 Joey:Oh absolutely! You’re talented and you’re good looking.
 Joey:I know! That’s why they trashed me!
 Joey:Whoa. Wait a minute wait a minute.
 Joey:I I don’t get you. I mean first you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me now you want me again.
 Joey:Kate do you even like me?
 Joey:Well so how come you blew me off? Yknow? How come you were with him?
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:(Checks to see if she’s drooling on his shirt.) Okay. Okay okay hey. (Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.) There we go let’s get your feet up there. (Looks at her) Good night Kate. Sweet dreams. (Picks up a garbage can) I’m gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
 Joey:(entering happily) Hey!
 Joey:Yeah! I stayed at Kate’s but ah nothing happened. Hey Pheebs where were ya?
 Joey:Oh it was great! Yeah I-I walked her home and it was amazing how much we connected yknow? Then ah then she passed out but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking and now we’re like totally crazy about each other!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You-you think?
 Joey:Two brothers one died!
 Joey:Yeah?!
 Joey:Sorry! Sorry I’m late; sorry I’m late! My duck and my chick and a fight it-it was ugly.
 Joey:(surprised it’s Lauren) (hugs her) (whispering) Where’s Kate?
 Joey:(stunned) What?!
 Joey:Oh ahh go to the window. I’m wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
 Joey:(grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in) (whispering) When is she leaving?
 Joey:(making like he is yelling up to the second floor) I’m coming up!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Wh-wh-what’s going on? Wh-what’s this about L.A.?
 Joey:But but wh-what about us?
 Joey:Well so stay for the museums!
 Joey:Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean I’ll go to the airport with ya I-I wanna say good bye.
 Joey:(to Lauren) In a minute!!
 Joey:Yeah I guess it is. (sees Kate is watching he turns Lauren so that he can talk directly to Kate but still look like he is talking to Lauren) Listen I ah I gotta say good bye and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know is that I will never forget you. But you’ve got things you have to do now and so do I. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship (smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling and a ladder comes down with flashing colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return 200 years from now you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up because Adrienne baby I’m gonna want to meet her.
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Uh listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
 Joey:Two it is. Ross how about you?
 Joey:But you said one.
 Joey:Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah you guys mean you plus one?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh hey you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
 Joey:(to Chandler) And I ah borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
 Joey:The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
 Joey:So so what’d ya think?
 Joey:I-I wasn’t in that.
 Joey:(sees Kate) Oh-oh hey-hey Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody this is Kate.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh hey Lauren. Uh you guys this is this is Kate’s understudy Lauren.
 Joey:Hey you guys this is my agent Estelle.
 Joey:No they-they weren’t in the play.
 Joey:Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
 Joey:Anyone mind if I save this?
 Joey:Hey! Are you okay?
 Joey:Listen drama critics they’re nothing but but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what you should do?
 Joey:Oh classy.
 Joey:Wow! Yeah I ah I gave up a job too.
 Joey:Uh de-clawing cats. Hey tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We’ll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
 Joey:Oh you didn’t see the Post?
 Joey:No. Why?
 Joey:Oh absolutely! You’re talented and you’re good looking.
 Joey:I know! That’s why they trashed me!
 Joey:Whoa. Wait a minute wait a minute.
 Joey:I I don’t get you. I mean first you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me now you want me again.
 Joey:Kate do you even like me?
 Joey:Well so how come you blew me off? Yknow? How come you were with him?
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:(Checks to see if she’s drooling on his shirt.) Okay. Okay okay hey. (Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.) There we go let’s get your feet up there. (Looks at her) Good night Kate. Sweet dreams. (Picks up a garbage can) I’m gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
 Joey:(entering happily) Hey!
 Joey:Yeah! I stayed at Kate’s but ah nothing happened. Hey Pheebs where were ya?
 Joey:Oh it was great! Yeah I-I walked her home and it was amazing how much we connected yknow? Then ah then she passed out but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking and now we’re like totally crazy about each other!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You-you think?
 Joey:Two brothers one died!
 Joey:Yeah?!
 Joey:Sorry! Sorry I’m late; sorry I’m late! My duck and my chick and a fight it-it was ugly.
 Joey:(surprised it’s Lauren) (hugs her) (whispering) Where’s Kate?
 Joey:(stunned) What?!
 Joey:Oh ahh go to the window. I’m wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
 Joey:(grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in) (whispering) When is she leaving?
 Joey:(making like he is yelling up to the second floor) I’m coming up!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Wh-wh-what’s going on? Wh-what’s this about L.A.?
 Joey:But but wh-what about us?
 Joey:Well so stay for the museums!
 Joey:Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean I’ll go to the airport with ya I-I wanna say good bye.
 Joey:(to Lauren) In a minute!!
 Joey:Yeah I guess it is. (sees Kate is watching he turns Lauren so that he can talk directly to Kate but still look like he is talking to Lauren) Listen I ah I gotta say good bye and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know is that I will never forget you. But you’ve got things you have to do now and so do I. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship (smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling and a ladder comes down with flashing colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return 200 years from now you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up because Adrienne baby I’m gonna want to meet her.
 Joey:Tell us!
 Joey:(to Billy) So you’re the gynaecologist?
 Joey:And it’s not fake it’s totally brutal.
 Joey:What? My hands are totally clean I just gave the duck a bath.
 Joey:Yeah maybe it’s like yknow that jock thing. Yknow how football players pat each other after touchdowns. (pats Ross on the butt)
 Joey:Yeah. What are we getting?
 Joey:Yeah or you can teach him a lesson. Yknow? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt all right? Then when he goes to smack ya his hand will smell. (thinking aloud) Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
 Joey:(sticking his head out the window) Hey the fight’s starting!
 Joey:(sticking his head out the window) Fight’s over!
 Joey:Check it out he’s winning! (to Monica) Pete’s winning!
 Joey:No-o-o!!
 Joey:Yeah sure. Well yknow earlier she was talking about geography.
 Joey:Well I think we all learned something.
 Joey:That you’re actually 50?
 Joey:Hey Bonnie had sex there!
 Joey:(walking up carrying a brown paper bag) Hey!
 Joey:No it’s just my luggage.
 Joey:Woo-hoo! All right! Yeah!
 Joey:Hey-hey check out the hat!
 Joey:(getting an idea) Hey yknow what a really good rainy day game is?
 Joey:I mean naked game. Strip poker we should totally play strip poker.
 Joey:Come on! When you go away you-you have to play it’s like a law!
 Joey:Hey you know what naked card game is never boring?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Okay all right.
 Joey:Fan out! Fan out!
 Joey:(jumping in triumph) OH YES!!!!!
 Joey:Yeah well I couldn’t find any cards so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
 Joey:All right relax. It’s just a shoe.
 Joey:Fine. Gang up on me! I got you all right where I want you.
 Joey:Actually yknow it’s kinda cold so how about I keep my boxers on and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
 Joey:We’re playing Strip Happy Days Game!
 Joey:What’s the matter Pheebs?
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:But I made cards!!
 Joey:(to Ross) Wanna play strip poker for practice?
 Joey:I’m telling ya you guys are totally getting back together!
 Joey:So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight you’re doing the smart healthy thing and moving on.
 Joey:Right and you go with Rachel Bonnie’s free tonight?
 Joey:(lying on a beach towel recapping what happened in the last episode) Okay so we went to the beach because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad and I don’t really know what happened with that.
 Joey:(voice-over) Oh and then Monica joked that she wouldn’t go out with a guy like Chandler...
 Joey:(voice-over) ...and he couldn’t let it go and... I don’t really know what happened with that either.
 Joey:(voice-over) Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend Bonnie shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don’t know what happened there either...
 Joey:Yknow what hold on let me go get Chandler. (gets up and leaves.)
 Joey:Whoa wait Pheebs wait a second! Don’t you wanna stay here and talk about it?
 Joey:(jumping up in a hole that he is digging he is shoulder deep) Hey you guys! Take a look at this! (Chandler and Monica jump up and go over to the hole.) Check this baby out dug me a hole!
 Joey:Oh no! No!! My hole!!
 Joey:(climbing out of the hole) What?! What?!! What is it?!
 Joey:Yeah and I’m a little tired from digging the hole.
 Joey:Well there’s really only one thing you can do.
 Joey:You’re gonna have to pee on it.
 Joey:Don’t blame me I saw it on The Discovery Channel.
 Joey:If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
 Joey:Me too.
 Joey:No?
 Joey:Sure it’s hard to forget! But that doesn’t mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never (to Chandler) ever talk about.
 Joey:It’s between us and the sea Ross!
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:All right. (gets up)
 Joey:Well we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
 Joey:And I was tired from digging the huge hole!
 Joey:I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
 Joey:That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too I’d pee on anyone of you! Only uhh I couldn’t. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh I turned to Chandler.
 Joey:(laughs) That’s ‘cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
 Joey:How many times do I have to tell you! Ya turn and sliiiide! Yknow turn and slide.
 Joey:Look we’re not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
 Joey:All right. But you’re gonna have to tell them. (He opens the cabinet to reveal the chick and the duck living inside with Christmas lights and a disco ball as decorations.)
 Joey:Looks good uh?
 Joey:Hey the ad alone cost 300 bucks!
 Joey:What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.
 Joey:Oh. What do you do?
 Joey:What? What’s wrong?
 Joey:(to Chandler) Dude Phoebe’s mom has got a huge peni...
 Joey:Well there were a couple of calls last night but ah I don’t think any of them are gonna work out.
 Joey:Pretty nice?
 Joey:(to Peter) Good for you!!
 Joey:(looking at the flyer) Yeah-eah! 200 dollar reward split five ways!!
 Joey:Uh Pheebs about your mom...
 Joey:(pause) How’s that going?
 Joey:That’s so sweet. (pause) I’m gonna get some coffee. (gets up and leaves)
 Joey:This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction tons of storage compartments some big enough to fit a grown man.
 Joey:Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn’t and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny ‘til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
 Joey:Oh yeah? (opens up the center and takes out the stereo) If I can’t I’ll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.
 Joey:Okay. (he gets in the unit and closes the door) See?! I told ya!
 Joey:Sometimes I get in here just to get away from it! Hey a nickel!!
 Joey:(still trapped in the entertainment center) WHAT?!!
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:(getting out) Awww man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!
 Joey:Well this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!
 Joey:I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh man if I ever run into that guy again do you know what I’m gonna do?
 Joey:(looking through a deck of cards) Aww man he took the five of spades!! Oh no-no-no here it is!
 Joey:Dude you don’t have to brag! We got nothing here!!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa Treeger made you cry?
 Joey:I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
 Joey:All right that’s it school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)
 Joey:Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend Rachel cry. So now you’re gonna go up there and apologize to her unless you want me to call the landlord.
 Joey:Have you heard about a little something called Not Making Girls Cry.
 Joey:I have actually not heard of that.
 Joey:Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know! (He storms out and once Treeger closes the door behind him Joey makes an ‘Oops!’ have.)
 Joey:Well uh I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he’d better come up here and apologize. I’ll see you later. (Starts to leave)
 Joey:He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.
 Joey:Well he made Rachel cry!
 Joey:All right! I’ll try! But if I can’t you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
 Joey:All right all right all right. (Starts to leave stops and turns around) I mean I’ll have to check with him first but I’ll think he’ll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)
 Joey:Please don’t kick Monica and Rachel out this wasn’t there fault it was mine.
 Joey:No you can’t do that where would the chick and the duck live?
 Joey:Noo-no-no no those are nicknames. I’m the chick and Chandler is the duck.
 Joey:Come on man just-just let the girls stay I’ll do whatever you want.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah absolutely.
 Joey:What what is it?
 Joey:That’s not prison lingo is it?
 Joey:Yeah there’s this superintendent’s dance the Super Ball. I don’t know and he wants to impress Marge this lady super that he’s a crush on.
 Joey:Well he’s too shy he doesn’t thing he’s good enough to dance with girls yet.
 Joey:Aww man now we won’t be bank buddies!
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I’m doing something exciting and I don’t wanna get too excited I just ahh y’know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches and ah baseball and ah Chandler!
 Joey:No-no thank you.
 Joey:All right I’m here let’s ahh get this over with.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa don’t we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh get really drunk?
 Joey:No it’s okay but if I’m Marge my breasts are coming out my back.
 Joey:Come on man you’re not a potato.
 Joey:Come on Treeger don’t say that. You just ahh you just need more practice. Here come on let’s ahh let’s try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus it was it was probably mostly my fault anyway. I mean y’know I’m not really that comfortable dancing with a—(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!
 Joey:Ah-ha-ha you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:No I didn’t.
 Joey:No I’m not! And it wasn’t a hop it was a pademarie.
 Joey:All right well maybe I’m enjoying it a little bit. I mean I’m getting pretty good at it.
 Joey:Hey-hey hold on this isn’t some kind of like girly dance. All right it’s like a sport it’s manly!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:I don’t know how to lead.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(To Mr. Treeger) So you ah ready for our last practice?
 Joey:Look you wanna use our place?
 Joey:We did it!!
 Joey:I know it was amazing! I mean we totally nailed it it was beautiful.
 Joey:Oh well okay good luck.
 Joey:Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Go get ‘em Treeger.
 Joey:(intrigued) Really?
 Joey:No I’m good.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa Treeger made you cry?
 Joey:I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
 Joey:All right that’s it school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)
 Joey:Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend Rachel cry. So now you’re gonna go up there and apologize to her unless you want me to call the landlord.
 Joey:Have you heard about a little something called Not Making Girls Cry.
 Joey:I have actually not heard of that.
 Joey:Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know! (He storms out and once Treeger closes the door behind him Joey makes an ‘Oops!’ have.)
 Joey:Well uh I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he’d better come up here and apologize. I’ll see you later. (Starts to leave)
 Joey:He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.
 Joey:Well he made Rachel cry!
 Joey:All right! I’ll try! But if I can’t you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
 Joey:All right all right all right. (Starts to leave stops and turns around) I mean I’ll have to check with him first but I’ll think he’ll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)
 Joey:Please don’t kick Monica and Rachel out this wasn’t there fault it was mine.
 Joey:No you can’t do that where would the chick and the duck live?
 Joey:Noo-no-no no those are nicknames. I’m the chick and Chandler is the duck.
 Joey:Come on man just-just let the girls stay I’ll do whatever you want.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah absolutely.
 Joey:What what is it?
 Joey:That’s not prison lingo is it?
 Joey:Yeah there’s this superintendent’s dance the Super Ball. I don’t know and he wants to impress Marge this lady super that he’s a crush on.
 Joey:Well he’s too shy he doesn’t thing he’s good enough to dance with girls yet.
 Joey:Aww man now we won’t be bank buddies!
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I’m doing something exciting and I don’t wanna get too excited I just ahh y’know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches and ah baseball and ah Chandler!
 Joey:No-no thank you.
 Joey:All right I’m here let’s ahh get this over with.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa don’t we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh get really drunk?
 Joey:No it’s okay but if I’m Marge my breasts are coming out my back.
 Joey:Come on man you’re not a potato.
 Joey:Come on Treeger don’t say that. You just ahh you just need more practice. Here come on let’s ahh let’s try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus it was it was probably mostly my fault anyway. I mean y’know I’m not really that comfortable dancing with a—(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!
 Joey:Ah-ha-ha you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:No I didn’t.
 Joey:No I’m not! And it wasn’t a hop it was a pademarie.
 Joey:All right well maybe I’m enjoying it a little bit. I mean I’m getting pretty good at it.
 Joey:Hey-hey hold on this isn’t some kind of like girly dance. All right it’s like a sport it’s manly!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:I don’t know how to lead.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(To Mr. Treeger) So you ah ready for our last practice?
 Joey:Look you wanna use our place?
 Joey:We did it!!
 Joey:I know it was amazing! I mean we totally nailed it it was beautiful.
 Joey:Oh well okay good luck.
 Joey:Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Go get ‘em Treeger.
 Joey:(intrigued) Really?
 Joey:No I’m good.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hey I see you guys already met huh?
 Joey:Didnt I tell ya? Always showin off.
 Joey:Oh Kath we should get going. Were going to by hamsters.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Hey guys. (to Chandler) Listen uh you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?
 Joey:Its 430.
 Joey:Okay I see whats going on here.
 Joey:Yeah! You dont like Kathy.
 Joey:Yeah youve been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look I made an effort to like Janice now I think its your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
 Joey:Good and hey! My treat. (He turns to go into his bedroom then stops.) But thats only because youre not eating anything right?
 Joey:Is she great or what?
 Joey:(to Kathy) Ill be right back. (to Chandler) What was that?
 Joey:Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
 Joey:I want you to like her! But if thats too damned difficult for you then the least you can do is pretend.
 Joey:Well then do it better!
 Joey:Well thats pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
 Joey:(opening the door wearing nothing but a sock and holding a dart board over the `Little General.) Hey! (Chandler turns down the TV) Now were not actually gonna be sleeping in her but do you mind?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:You can pee here!
 Joey:Weve only been going out for a couple of weeks do you think I gotta get her something?
 Joey:Oh I know...
 Joey:(entering the apartment) Hey. Man it is so hard to shop for girls.
 Joey:Its two gifts in one. Its a pen thats also a clock! Huh?
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Sure it is! She needs a pen for work shes writing she turns it over.... Whoa! Its time for my date with Joey!
 Joey:She didnt have a birthday while we were going out.
 Joey:(whining and heading toward the door) Look its too late and I got an audition. I cant shop anymore! I...
 Joey:Thanks man. And oh while youre at it could you get her a card?
 Joey:Or... just get a card that has a poem already in it.
 Joey:So you just left? Her place was really that bad?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Wow. Thanks. So uh what happened?
 Joey:All right so... next time you take her to your place.
 Joey:What kind of smell?
 Joey:All right listen Ross... you like this girl right?
 Joey:You wanna see her again right?
 Joey:So youre gonna have to do it in the mess!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig! (Ross hesitates looks unsure) Oink!
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Im meeting Kathy in ten minutes! Ive been looking all over for you!
 Joey:Our place the hall! I...
 Joey:(Unimpressed) A book? (Suddenly interested) Is it like a book thats also a safe?
 Joey:You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this I owe you one. (Joey leaves comes back in.) Oh hey! There wasnt any change from that twenty was there?
 Joey:Wow. Thats almost as much as a new book.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh man she loved it! Shes over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.
 Joey:Hey listen I gotta tell ya I feel kinda bad taking credit for this because man am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:You know uh... [Joey moves the pen case out onto the counter.] Chandler got you a gift too.
 Joey:Yeah he did look... look its right there on the counter! Ha-ho-ho!
 Joey:Ah. Hm. (To Kathy) Wanna go to bed?
 Joey:Oh uh... dont forget your coupon. (Tries to strike a sexy pose up against the doorway to his room. Then goes inside).
 Joey:(opening bedroom door) Hey that coupon expires you know.
 Joey:Great! All right so I’ll call you later.
 Joey:That would be Casey. We’re going out tonight.
 Joey:No things are fine with Kathy. I’m having a late dinner with her tonight right after my early dinner with Casey.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself! (Laughs)
 Joey:Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
 Joey:What is the big deal? It’s not like we’re exclusive.
 Joey:You got all that from the back of her head?
 Joey:Who’s Elaine?
 Joey:(on the other end at a pay phone) Hey it’s me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
 Joey:We broke down on the Parkway so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey listen could you please tell Kathy that I’ll be there as soon as I can.
 Joey:‘Cause I only have one quarter and I think my time is about to—(he stops talking suddenly)
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Me too but I guess I do have a couple of more—(his time runs out for real)
 Joey:(on phone) Hey dude it’s me.
 Joey:Listen uh I’m really sorry it looks like I’m gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid but when I went to put it in the car the transmission wasn’t there!
 Joey:Yeah it must’ve fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.
 Joey:Listen uh could you put Kathy on I wanna apologize.
 Joey:Aww man! I can’t believe I locked myself out again! (He knocks on the door.)
 Joey:(rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:Well you’re amazing.
 Joey:(very excited) A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That’s the dream! Man how did you afford this stuff?
 Joey:Oh you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
 Joey:Oh-no-no-no you are! You do this you give me the great advice and hey listen I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman I’m gonna do that.
 Joey:No-no-no I think I’m gonna see how things go with Kathy. She’s pretty cool.
 Joey:No-no Kathy.
 Joey:No. No Kathy.
 Joey:Y’know what I think? I think somebody’s got a little crush on Casey. How ‘bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
 Joey:Hey! Samboucha Margarita?
 Joey:Well we only had samboucha so it is now.
 Joey:What’s up?
 Joey:You do?
 Joey:Well you’re timing couldn’t be better. She’s not my girlfriend anymore.
 Joey:Yeah she broke up with me.
 Joey:Just now after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene that’s why I let people watch.
 Joey:Well I’ve been better. But I’m all right. So you like her huh?
 Joey:No-no-no no it’s uh it’s okay.
 Joey:Yeah. You know why? ‘Cause you came to me first.
 Joey:But hey listen just so you know you might have you’re work cut out for you. ‘Cause when I talked to her I kinda got the feeling that she’s into some other guy. So…
 Joey:Who?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
 Joey:What?!! That’s even worse!!
 Joey:I don’t know! But it’s the same!
 Joey:Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you!
 Joey:Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
 Joey:Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like Well kinda.) Well y’know what I will not watch your TV I will not listen to your stereo and there’s a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I’m not gonna eat! You know why?!
 Joey:Because it’s all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I’m not happy about you either. (The bread maker dings) Oh and just so you know I made that bread for you. (Joey walks into his bedroom and slams the door.)
 Joey:(answering phone) Hello.
 Joey:(answering phone) Hello.
 Joey:(answering phone) Stop callin’!!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I’m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.
 Joey:No! I’m putting that in my room.
 Joey:Back when you and Rachel were together if Chandler had kissed her would you hear him out?
 Joey:Five years.
 Joey:Hey! Don’t do the crime if you can’t do the time.
 Joey:No was my best friend. Anyway I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend there’s a spot open.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:All right. But if you weren’t my best friend.
 Joey:(entering) Hey Gunther have you uh have you seen Chandler?
 Joey:(Something in Italian.) (Storms out.)
 Joey:My folks.
 Joey:I don’t know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.
 Joey:Yeah y’know at first I thought we could talk about this y’know work it out but uh seeing you two together I don’t think I…
 Joey:Look it’s not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don’t want to live with some one who doesn’t know what it is to be a friend. So I’ll see ya. (He starts to leave but Chandler grabs his bag and stops him.)
 Joey:Yeah! You did! And that’s why I’m leaving.
 Joey:When that guy was robbing us and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
 Joey:Yeah! But if would’ve know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be I wouldn’t have worried about it so much! See you around!
 Joey:We’ve got a box. (Motions to a large wooden box next to him.)
 Joey:(coming out of the bathroom) What’s twisted?
 Joey:Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!
 Joey:He’s fine!
 Joey:Chandler?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:He’s doin’ some thinkin’!
 Joey:You kissed my girlfriend!
 Joey:That doesn’t sound like thinking to me!
 Joey:Y’know I don’t think you should be talking at all in there! I think you’ve got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
 Joey:All right look! If this is just a big joke to you then forget about it all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn’t mean anything to you then you should get out of there otherwise you’re just an idiot in a box!
 Joey:So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
 Joey:That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? (There’s no response from Chandler.) Okay.
 Joey:I’ll get it. (It’s Kathy.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:That’s okay. Chandler’s the one I’m mad at.
 Joey:In the box.
 Joey:(starting to cry) Open the box!! (Runs over to do so.)
 Joey:He can still catch her! Come on get out of there! (He opens the box) Get out of there!
 Joey:Yeah we’re gonna be fine! Get out!
 Joey:Yeah you did some real good thinkin’ in there.
 Joey:Now go! ‘Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you’re secret Santa! (Chandler runs out and closes the door.)
 Joey:All right who got Chandler? ‘Cause I uh need to trade.
 Joey:Uhh that’s not them. I’m gonna go call the police.
 Joey:Done! I did it! Heh who’s stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.)
 Joey:Well I know what I’m giving you for Christmas.
 Joey:Ohhh!
 Joey:Hey Mon! I’m not doing anything why don’t you fire me?
 Joey:Good enough to get fired.
 Joey:Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
 Joey:Sure! Where are the seats?
 Joey:Now wait a second! You make food and robots?
 Joey:Yeah lady I do! I got a problem with that!
 Joey:Oh what are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:(checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)
 Joey:(entering from the dining room) Hey.
 Joey:Hey what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket? (sees there’s a burn spot on it)
 Joey:You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot which just happens to be over her breast.)
 Joey:It’s still a tiny bit on fire there.
 Joey:Yeah. Listen uh I’d prefer it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here I thought it’d be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
 Joey:(opening an envelope) There’s like-there’s like 300 bucks in this one!
 Joey:No ma’am.
 Joey:I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand and I was thinking Wow! It’s been a long time since I had… (tries to do the math in his head but can’t) 327 + 238 dollars!
 Joey:And I gotta pay rent! Look how-how about this? You don’t fire me instead I stay here I gain their trust and they’ll start listening to all the nice things I’ve been saying about you.
 Joey:Well nothing yet they really hate you and I want to fit in.
 Joey:(interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
 Joey:You bet I do! I just ah wasn’t listening then that’s all.
 Joey:What are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
 Joey:Well I guess I should’ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
 Joey:Yep! Looks like it’s gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
 Joey:(leaving) Lean-lean-lean!
 Joey:Done! I did it! Heh who’s stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.)
 Joey:Well I know what I’m giving you for Christmas.
 Joey:Ohhh!
 Joey:Hey Mon! I’m not doing anything why don’t you fire me?
 Joey:Good enough to get fired.
 Joey:Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
 Joey:Sure! Where are the seats?
 Joey:Now wait a second! You make food and robots?
 Joey:Yeah lady I do! I got a problem with that!
 Joey:Oh what are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:(checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)
 Joey:(entering from the dining room) Hey.
 Joey:Hey what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket? (sees there’s a burn spot on it)
 Joey:You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot which just happens to be over her breast.)
 Joey:It’s still a tiny bit on fire there.
 Joey:Yeah. Listen uh I’d prefer it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here I thought it’d be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
 Joey:(opening an envelope) There’s like-there’s like 300 bucks in this one!
 Joey:No ma’am.
 Joey:I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand and I was thinking Wow! It’s been a long time since I had… (tries to do the math in his head but can’t) 327 + 238 dollars!
 Joey:And I gotta pay rent! Look how-how about this? You don’t fire me instead I stay here I gain their trust and they’ll start listening to all the nice things I’ve been saying about you.
 Joey:Well nothing yet they really hate you and I want to fit in.
 Joey:(interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
 Joey:You bet I do! I just ah wasn’t listening then that’s all.
 Joey:What are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
 Joey:Well I guess I should’ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
 Joey:Yep! Looks like it’s gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
 Joey:(leaving) Lean-lean-lean!
 Joey:(entering with Ross) Hey! You guys! Check it out check it out! (He’s wearing a blue blazer) Guess which job I got.
 Joey:Oh ah tour guide at the museum. Yeah Ross got it for me.
 Joey:No not really. They give you all the information it’s uh it’s like memorizing a script. (Making like a tour guide) And on your left you have Tyrannosaurus Rex a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
 Joey:Yeah but I can pronounce Jurassic.
 Joey:You’re really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:No Pheebs listen if you decide to do this we’ll be supportive like crazy.
 Joey:Okay now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
 Joey:Shhh! This is a museum no talking. Right down here (Motions to a fossilised dinosaur foot.) we have a large foot. (Sees Ross working in one of the display cases.) Uhh and over here we have Ross Geller. (Knocks on the glass) Everyone wave ‘Hi’ to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists look at him hard at work. (Ross does the old Putting a cigarette in your ear and pulling it out of your mouth trick.) Okay moving right along. Come on.
 Joey:Uhh do you mind sitting there. I’m-I’m saving this for my friend Ross.
 Joey:Doctor? Wow! I didn’t know he had a nickname.
 Joey:Well how-how come?
 Joey:That’s crazy.
 Joey:I-I think everybody’s pretending they don’t hear you. Anyway look I don’t know about you and your jackets and your separate tables but Ross is one of my best friends and if I save him a seat I’m telling you he will sit in it! (Ross enters and goes over to the white table) Ross! Ross! Over here man! I-I saved you seat.
 Joey:It’s no big deal. Hey y’know you do what you gotta do. Right?
 Joey:Whatever.
 Joey:Look Ross really it’s-it’s no big deal. Y’know you wear a white coat I wear a blue blazer if that means we can’t be friends at work then so be it. Y’know hey I understand. Y’know? Hey when I’m in a play and you’re in the audience I don’t talk to you right? So it’s y’know it’s uh it’s cool. I’ll see you tomorrow. (Leaves)
 Joey:(standing up) I will sit with you Dr. Geller. (He goes over to his table and they shake hands.)
 Joey:(stands up and throws his coat on the floor) I’m Joey! I’m an actor! I don’t know squat about dinosaurs!
 Joey:Yeah you hang in there Teddy!
 Joey:It’s the chick! She’s…going through some changes.
 Joey:Good luck. (to Monica) And I’m still right!
 Joey:She’s mad because I know today’s her laundry day and that means she’s wearing her old lady underpants.
 Joey:Yeah what’s that about?
 Joey:Oh yeah? Ross how many items left in that bag?
 Joey:Six.
 Joey:All right we’ll start with…apples.
 Joey:Okay. Uhh tortilla chips yogurt.
 Joey:Okay the last thing…
 Joey:No-no not for like another two weeks.
 Joey:Serious?
 Joey:No! All right who-who makes up the questions?
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:I know.
 Joey:Animals dressed as humans.
 Joey:(to Chandler) The Irish gig guy?!
 Joey:It’s All Relative.
 Joey:(to Chandler) Nana?
 Joey:(answering the question) Althea!
 Joey:I took a shot.
 Joey:Hey no way that rooster’s family!
 Joey:What do you have against the duck?! He doesn’t make any noise!
 Joey:Look we are not gonna…
 Joey:(shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
 Joey:Oooooh!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Big fat goalie.
 Joey:Weekend at Bernie’s.
 Joey:Everyday use.
 Joey:Guest.
 Joey:Uhh 11!
 Joey:I call Monica’s room!
 Joey:Sure I can standard shotgun rules I’m sight of the room and I called it.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Hey—ooh Pheebs are they in there?
 Joey:Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:You can’t just ignore the bet! It’s a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose you lose the bet!
 Joey:Hey don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
 Joey:But it is our apartment!
 Joey:Did you see the size of the closets?!
 Joey:(entering) Hey! (Goes to the fridge.)
 Joey:(Holding a turkey leg) There’s gravy?
 Joey:I think I left a donut up here.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(to Ross) That-that is a good trick.
 Joey:Chandler look they’re actors. They’re there to do a job just ‘cause they work together doesn’t mean they’re gonna get together. I mean just ‘cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins it doesn’t mean it’s gonna happen with them.
 Joey:Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
 Joey:Okay look look let me ask you a question when they were doing it on stage was it like really hot?
 Joey:Well okay so then you’re fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it’s hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It’s when the heat goes away that’s when you’re in trouble.
 Joey:Look you guys have been to every play I’ve ever been in have I ever had chemistry on stage?
 Joey:Noooo!!
 Joey:Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
 Joey:Yep! Grab a plate.
 Joey:No-no stay right there. (Monica stops and Joey flips her a pancake which flies over her head and lands in the living room.) Gettin’ closer.
 Joey:Listen also we’re uh we’re watching the game here Saturday night if people want to come over.
 Joey:Oh yeah who’s playing?
 Joey:All right Pheebs stick out your plate!
 Joey:I don’t know it smells good.
 Joey:(Holding a magazine) Wow! The new Playboy!
 Joey:Come here.
 Joey:Oh yeah totally! That’s such a turn-on!
 Joey:Oh-ooh that’s the turn-on.
 Joey:Oh-oh-oh-oh how I do it is I look a woman up and down and say Hey how you doin’?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Hey how you doin’?
 Joey:Well you gotta give him something that he can’t say no too. Like uh Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game you’re guaranteed he’ll say yes!
 Joey:Absolutely! And if it doesn’t can I get the extra ticket?
 Joey:What the heck is that?
 Joey:No! Forget her man! You don’t need her you don’t need that!
 Joey:Dude tell me she actually told you this.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa that-that was just a theory! There’s a lot of theories that didn’t pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
 Joey:Okay for next time what do you say?
 Joey:What’s ready?
 Joey:I don’t know it looks the same.
 Joey:Oh yeah!
 Joey:How’d it go?
 Joey:Guggly worm.
 Joey:Glow-pop giggly jammer.
 Joey:(examining it) Ohh a hunk of sandwich from last year. (Monica drops the sandwich)
 Joey:(going over and picking up the rod) That’s all right. Hey you guys you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that Joey what are you doing with your life? stuff. I can say Well I’m doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?
 Joey:Look there’s nothing I can do for him right now he’s still in his sweat pants that’s still Phase One. Yknow? I’ll be back for Phase Two I would never miss Phase Two.
 Joey:Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club.
 Joey:Which helps him get to Phase Three picturing yourself with other women.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(entering) Hey-hey!
 Joey:Oh my God you guys have no idea.
 Joey:Yeah three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey how-how’s he doing?
 Joey:(goes over to Chandler) Hey buddy! How’s it going?
 Joey:(To the rest of the gang) Hey see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right uh I’ve got to go memorise my lines. (Starts to go his bedroom) Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
 Joey:(running from his bedroom) Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
 Joey:Look I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don’t have time! They’re just ten blocks away if I run I can make it.
 Joey:(rushing in) Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I’m here! I’m here!
 Joey:Look at that Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip!
 Joey:(trying to act like he’s not the one that stinks.) Whoa! Yeah what the hell is that? What smells so bad?
 Joey:Y’know I can see why you think that but ah actually you know who I think it is?
 Joey:No-no it’s uh it’s Heston.
 Joey:Yeah the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
 Joey:Really a shower huh? And uh which-which room might that be?
 Joey:Interesting.
 Joey:How ya doin’?
 Joey:I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas huh?
 Joey:No-no-no no no wait. You see I’m an actor Joey Tribbiani I’m doing a scene with you today and well I stink.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah I’m one of the cops that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose cannon. Anyway look I’m really sorry but I stink!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh no-no-no you don’t understand…
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah.
 Joey:Yes sir! Yes sir I’m-I’m—(he starts to leave)
 Joey:Yeah. Oh yeah.
 Joey:I don’t wanna.
 Joey:I wanted to go to the strip club!
 Joey:Yeah all right. (Ross enters.)
 Joey:Ohh Nothing.
 Joey:I know what it did! Nothing.
 Joey:Like this. (Shrugs)
 Joey:Sure! It flushes it.
 Joey:Hey! (Sees Janice.) Ah!! (Janice screams in surprise.)
 Joey:And there it is.
 Joey:So what are you doing bringing her here?! There’s people here!
 Joey:Yeah try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. (They all look around and then back at Joey.) I’m tellin’ ya!
 Joey:Hey! What’s up?
 Joey:(to Rachel) I bet I stopped listening before you did.
 Joey:Dude you’re not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.
 Joey:Hey-hey what’s going on?
 Joey:Thanks for telling me!
 Joey:Ohhhh good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
 Joey:Nope. (To Ross) Man look at this! Ross I can’t believe you said you’d play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
 Joey:(pointing to the TV) Okay Ross look-look-look-look look right here. That’s called a scrum okay? It’s kinda like a huddle.
 Joey:Ross! (Laughs) They’re gonna kill you!
 Joey:All right come on look Ross can take care of himself! It’s not like he’s…Chandler!
 Joey:Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy (Points) and that guy (Points). And that one—Dude! They’re all huge!
 Joey:Well maybe that’s because you’re closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
 Joey:I totally don’t know what you’re talking about.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Dude if you go back out there you’re gonna be Dead Ross!
 Joey:The Red Ross! Okay.
 Joey:Yeah sure.
 Joey:Uhh look your eye’s still popping out a little I’m gonna go get some ice.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Is it the shampoo? It’s guava.
 Joey:Oh! Wait-wait! (Reaches inside the shower.) Is it my bologna sandwich?
 Joey:Oh wait-wait! (Reaches into the shower again.) Maybe it’s a pickle?!
 Joey:Hey what have you guys been up too?
 Joey:Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
 Joey:Hey that’s what all my relationships are like.
 Joey:Hey but at least you got that cool pregnant lady glow.
 Joey:Yeah what’ going on?
 Joey:Awwww!
 Joey:What-what-what is so funny?
 Joey:Now that’s a thinker.
 Joey:A little salami.
 Joey:Pastrami.
 Joey:Yeah. (He goes over to her.)
 Joey:Oh! I know how you can get him take off your bra.
 Joey:There was a seen in Footloose...
 Joey:Yeah-yeah yeah with that-that uh plumber girl…
 Joey:What? Were you like in the movie or… Anyway she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy and classy.
 Joey:Welcome to America. (They both kiss.)
 Joey:If you didn’t want to play why did you come to the party?
 Joey:Phoebe what-what are you doing?!
 Joey:All right look y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to cheat on them unless it’s with someone really hot?
 Joey:All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you’re going to do something wrong (He grabs two steaks from the freezer) do it right!
 Joey:Feel better now?
 Joey:Hey what if I said I could even things out for ya meatwise.
 Joey:Well I eat a lot of meat right?
 Joey:Well suppose until the baby’s born I laid off it. No extra animals would die you-you’d just be eating my animals.
 Joey:Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer right?
 Joey:Okay time to take off the bra. (She glares at him.)
 Joey:(trying not to be obvious) Take the bra off.
 Joey:Oooh what you got there?
 Joey:Oh-ho-ho yeah! Hey! Y’know what goes good with that?
 Joey:Ooh I was gonna say bologna but that’s much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?
 Joey:(He starts looking longingly at the sandwich.) Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?
 Joey:Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes I can have one of those right?
 Joey:(coming in from his bedroom) What is that?
 Joey:Maybe he found you flip-flop.
 Joey:Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must’ve hit something on the remote.
 Joey:No we didn’t even pay our cable bill—maybe this is how they punish us.
 Joey:Maybe we shouldn’t pay our gas bill? (Stops and thinks about what he just said.)
 Joey:(to Chandler) Why would he turn off the TV? (Chandler shrugs.)
 Joey:Yeah so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!
 Joey:Imagine a protective porn bubble if you will okay?
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Pheebs! You’re blocking the porn! Look out!
 Joey:Yeah right.
 Joey:Yeah he likes porn.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah what were you trying to get her to do?!
 Joey:You play hard to get.
 Joey:Then you go to Tokyo.
 Joey:Way to be strong man!
 Joey:Oh yeah sure that makes sense. Yeah. ‘Cause you already told her you love her and she didn’t say it back then she called you and told you that there’s another guy so yeah go to London that’ll scare her!
 Joey:Ross! Ross! If you’re going to the airport could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars? (Chandler nods his head no.)
 Joey:(pause) Nothing. No nothing.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over gives me the pizza takes the money and leaves!
 Joey:Noo! Nothing!
 Joey:I think you’re right.
 Joey:One.
 Joey:That’s kinda nice.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah!!
 Joey:Wow Pheebs! That sounds great!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Ooh-ooh Pheebs you want a strong name? How about The Hulk?
 Joey:Oh want a good name go with Joey. Joey’s your pal. Joey’s your buddy. Where is everybody? Well they’re hanging out with Joey.
 Joey:Oh well hey Joey’s loveable too! But the thing about Joey is if you need him he’ll be there.
 Joey:What do ya say? What do ya say?
 Joey:I knew I shouldn’t have mentioned it! That’s what I wanted to name my kid!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No but I’m gonna!
 Joey:Oh! Oh-oh you gotta pick Joey! I mean name one famous person named Chandler.
 Joey:Someone you didn’t make up!
 Joey:Yeah that guy really hurt us.
 Joey:All right look man I didn’t want to bring this up but Chandler is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It’s not even a name; it’s barely even a word. Okay? It’s kinda like chandelier but it’s not! All right? It’s a stupid stupid non-name!
 Joey:I’m sorry man I didn’t—I’m-I’m sorry. I’m sorry. (Goes over and comforts him.)
 Joey:So I guess it’s Joey then!
 Joey:(answering the door.) Hey how did you do that?! Come on in. (He brings them inside.)
 Joey:Dude I am sorry about what I said!
 Joey:It’s not that bad.
 Joey:So you’re just Bing?
 Joey:No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.
 Joey:See you later Gene.
 Joey:What’s up with Gene?
 Joey:Nah you’re not tall enough to be a Mark but you might make a good Barney.
 Joey:Ohh! (Realises it was all a trick to get Phoebe to name the baby Chandler.)
 Joey:Are you kidding? I love that guy! (Starts singing) Morning’s here! Morning is here—
 Joey:See this is a great apartment.
 Joey:Uhh Pheebs those are uh those are Santa pants.
 Joey:You have Knicks tickets?
 Joey:(examining the tickets) Oh my God! Those are almost right on the floor!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:You’re not stupid. You’re meaner than I thought.
 Joey:Yeah you do!
 Joey:Come on!
 Joey:Come on season tickets! Season tickets do you know what that means?
 Joey:Oh come—look when I was a kid my dad’s company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year all right? My dad never won! Of course he wasn’t in the sales division but still I never ever ever forgot that!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:We don’t make enough fun of you already?
 Joey:Oh-no don’t try and talk all normal with that thing in your ear.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:All right look Ross he’s right. Emily’s great she’s great! But this way too soon you’re only gonna scare her!
 Joey:No! You don’t want to wreck it you don’t want to go to fast!
 Joey:Wait-wait-wait-wait! (To Chandler) Come on! Come on let’s trade! The timing’s perfect I just clogged the toilet!
 Joey:Yes! Didn’t you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn’t read yours! But come on we can go to the game tonight!
 Joey:It’s the Knicks!
 Joey:Whoa!
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:Yeah the Knicks rule all!
 Joey:Done!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Ooh we could end up with nothing.
 Joey:Ooh I like that.
 Joey:Come on man you know I’d do it for you! Because you’re my best friend.
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:What’s the game?! What’s the game?!
 Joey:Uhh they’re tall.
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah! Okay. (Joey picks a card.) Phoebe you look I can’t.
 Joey:Okay. Okay. (He looks at the card.) Ace!
 Joey:What? Ace is high! Jack queen king ace!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Uh-huh not as high as…(picks a card) It worked! King!
 Joey:Why?!
 Joey:Seriously good game though. Good game. (He tries to congratulate them but they pull away.) (To Chandler) What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
 Joey:Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y’know kinda like a peace offering.
 Joey:Hey want a beer? (Hands him a beer and sits down in one of the chairs.) (Jumping up.) WHOA!!!!
 Joey:I don’t know.
 Joey:I don’t want to move again!
 Joey:That was one good minute!
 Joey:Good night.
 Joey:Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah!
 Joey:Monica and Rachel made out. (Giggles like a schoolboy and Monica glares at him.)
 Joey:Hey! (Singing) Get into gear!
 Joey:(happily) Okay!
 Joey:(joining in in his sleep) Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!
 Joey:(proudly) Oh you should here me.
 Joey:Look I told ya I’m not going to any clinic! I don’t have a problem you’re the one with the problem! You should go to a Quit being a baby and leave me alone clinic!
 Joey:Yeah they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There you’ve just had your first class!
 Joey:Ohhh yeah!
 Joey:I gotta do what I gotta do you gotta do what you gotta do you just do it.
 Joey:That’s not whipped! Whipped is wh-tcssh!
 Joey:You can’t do anything!
 Joey:This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m so tired!
 Joey:Yeah well…
 Joey:Yeah Rach I think you’re handling that really well.
 Joey:I am… (Looks in his date book.) free!
 Joey:(still looking in date book) Hey! That’s the day after I stop menstruating! (They all look at him.) This isn’t mine.
 Joey:Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:(sleepily) Yeah she is. Wow! (Falls back asleep loudly) How you doin’?
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(asleep) So why don’t you give me your number?
 Joey:(muffled by the mouth guard) Hey you guys! What’s happening?
 Joey:(muffled) Oh they gave it to me at the sleep clinic and it’s gonna help me not to snore.
 Joey:(takes out the mouth guard) I know I don’t have too! It tastes good. (Puts it back in.)
 Joey:(muffled by the mouth guard) Dude! I am trying to sleep! (Shrugs to say What’s up with that?)
 Joey:I know. Ross is getting married.
 Joey:Everybody’s doing stuff!
 Joey:(snaps his fingers) We could climb Mt. Everest!
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no I saw an ad for this video people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:We’re gonna climb Mt. Everest!
 Joey:We could get that Everest video though.
 Joey:And while we’re down at the video store you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! (Chandler’s excited.) Oh y’know what? I just remembered that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
 Joey:Yeah. Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah we are!
 Joey:Its never gonna happen.
 Joey:Don’t answer that.
 Joey:Awful! Horrible!
 Joey:She was nothing compared to you.
 Joey:Ewwwww!
 Joey:(taking apart the invitation) Hey pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding you have to cry Handkerchief? No-no I got my invitation.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Don’t worry man I get to bring a guest. We’ll show him.
 Joey:I knew that! (They all look at him) I sooo didn’t know that but you should see your faces.
 Joey:Heyyy. (They all try and hide their invitations.)
 Joey:He broke up with Julie. Well go hug her for gods sakes.
 Joey:Lookin good Mr. Cotter.
 Joey:It’s better! You can’t go to a museum in your underwear!
 Joey:I bet we could get videos of all the sites get a VCR in our hotel room... wed never even have to go outside!
 Joey:Oh-ho! I bet the British version is gooooood!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties don’t you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
 Joey:What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
 Joey:Come on Ross! Look I-I don’t have any brothers; I’ll never get to be a best man!
 Joey:(pause) I’ll never get to be a best man!
 Joey:(impatiently tapping Chandler on the shoulder) What about me?! You-you just said I could!
 Joey:I can’t believe you’re not picking me.
 Joey:Yes! (to Chandler) Shame about you man.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
 Joey:(grabs it) Thanks.
 Joey:Oh we’re having a big party tomorrow night. Later! (Starts for the door.)
 Joey:Nooo later. (Walks out the door.)
 Joey:Oh it’s Ross’s bachelor party.
 Joey:Are you bachelors?
 Joey:Are you strippers?
 Joey:Then you’re not invited. (Starts for the door again.)
 Joey:Oh-whoa what party?
 Joey:Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don’t want to do! Later! (Finally he makes his exit.)
 Joey:This is what I’ve got going for the party so far liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
 Joey:Okay now uh in terms of the invite list I’ve got you me and Chandler and I’m gonna invite Gunther ‘cause well we’ve been talking about this pretty loud.
 Joey:All right—oh! Listen I know this is your party but I’d really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
 Joey:Okay! We’ll need a six-pack of Zima.
 Joey:You got it.
 Joey:Well there’s gonna be strippers there. He didn’t say anything about no strippers.
 Joey:Oh I chose not to hear that.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Oh-whoa-wait Gunther don’t-don’t forget your shirt. (He gives Gunther his shirt and Gunther leaves.)
 Joey:Oh little party favours check it out! (It’s a shirt that reads Ross Geller Bachelor Bash 1998)
 Joey:Oh-oh! (Shows him what’s on the back Best Man Joey Tribbiani with a huge picture of him.)
 Joey:Oh hey don’t forget your shirt.
 Joey:Okay hey museum geeks party’s over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent’s basement. All right. (The museum geeks exit and Joey unlocks his door and lets the chick and the duck out.) Come on boys come on out! Here you go. All right.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. (The duck complies.) Hardly move. (The duck complies.) Be white. (The duck complies.)
 Joey:Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin’ ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married or have a birthday or a Tuesday…
 Joey:Oh unless you uh you wanna hang around.
 Joey:Yeah. I’ll let you play with my duck.
 Joey:Hey (realises he doesn’t know her name.) stripper! (He notices that the ring box is open so he picks it up sees it’s empty and starts to panic.)
 Joey:(running and banging on Chandler’s door) The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
 Joey:The ring is gone!
 Joey:Dude this isn’t funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night everything’s cool! I wake up this morning the stripper’s gone and the ring is gone!
 Joey:Of course!! (Shrugs.)
 Joey:Ugh! I don’t know what I’m going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don’t care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me if this isn’t an emergency then what is?
 Joey:Hey…
 Joey:So uh hey that uh that wedding ring huh? Man that’s nice!
 Joey:I was uh I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself I might want to get one of those…
 Joey:(laughs softly) Yeah the stripper stole it.
 Joey:Dude I screwed up you don’t have to turn me in!
 Joey:Oh yeah well I already did that! They said they’re gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
 Joey:I did that too! They wouldn’t give me her real name or her number. They said If I bothered them again they’d call the police. I said If you talk to the police you tell them I’m missing a ring!
 Joey:Look Ross I am so-so sorry. I-I-I…
 Joey:Oh that sounds like fun but we’ve got a ring to find!!
 Joey:All right okay this is great uh Chandler you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully she won’t recognise you because well why would she? Uh okay and then you buzz Ross and I. (to Ross) You be Mr. Gonzalez and I’ll be uh Mr. Wong.
 Joey:There was a ring in a box on my nightstand after you left it was gone!
 Joey:I don’t get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn’t take it and I didn’t take it; and you (Chandler) didn’t take it then who did? (The duck quacks.) Shh! We’re trying to think! (Ross and Chandler realise it at the same moment and stare at Joey who doesn’t get it. After a short pause with the duck still quacking Joey figures it out and starts pointing at the duck.)
 Joey:If anything should happen to him…
 Joey:So! Things can go wrong! You don’t know! What if he doesn’t make it?!
 Joey:Yeah but what if he doesn’t? He’s such a good duck.
 Joey:I’m so worried about him y’know?
 Joey:H-h-h-how’s the duck?
 Joey:Ohh great! Oh hey listen Ross thanks for being so cool about this.
 Joey:No it’s not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
 Joey:Yeah it is! You wouldn’t have lost the ring right? Y’know what Ross you were right from the start he (Chandler) should be your best man.
 Joey:Now don’t argue with me…
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:(starting to cry) I gotta go check something over here. (He walks away so that they can’t see him cry.)
 Joey:It’s all London baby! Here we go. (He takes a picture of a less than enthused Chandler and starts towards the girls’ apartment.)
 Joey:Yeah in my third drawer on my dresser. You don’t want to lose that.
 Joey:Ohh!! (Runs to his room.)
 Joey:Woo-hoo!!
 Joey:London baby!
 Joey:(louder) London baby!!
 Joey:Bye Pheebs!
 Joey:London baby!! (And Rachel slowly closes the door sadly.)
 Joey:Come on! Do something!
 Joey:Okay here! (Gives him the camera.) I wanna be the on camera guy. All right first stop Westminster Abbey. (Joey folds out his pop-up map of London. All of the major landmarks pop-up like in a pop-up book.)
 Joey:It’s London baby! All right the hotel’s here. (Points to the map.) Wait. No we wanna go… No. I know. (Sets the map down.) I’m gonna have to go into the map. (So Joey literally steps into the map.)
 Joey:I got it! (Picks up the map and starts walking.) Here we go.
 Joey:Shhh! (Pause) Man you made me lose it! (He goes into the map again.)
 Joey:All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down best Abbey I’ve ever seen. Hey! (Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.) Okay. What do you think of the Abbey Chandler?
 Joey:Really? To what?
 Joey:Man you are Westminster Crabby. (He starts chasing Chandler towards the Abbey.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Check this out? Huh? (Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on the front of it.) Yeah. That’s the stuff. What do you think?
 Joey:Well I like it. Here you go. (He pays for the hat.)
 Joey:Oh I embarrass you?
 Joey:Oh yeah? (Puts the hat on.) If you’re gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Oh. (Takes off the hat.) Sorry!
 Joey:Me too.
 Joey:Noo!! I’ve had the best day ever! Dude check this out!
 Joey:Sh-shh-shh! (He motions for her to watch something he has taped.)
 Joey:(on tape) Okay so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
 Joey:(on tape) Oh Chandler.
 Joey:That’s Fergie baby!!
 Joey:Well I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace right? So I’m in my map and-and…(Ross enters) Hey!
 Joey:Wait up! (They both run to the bathroom.)
 Joey:Yeah. (Pause) Hey I hope Ross didn’t think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
 Joey:(on phone) Hey Pheebs! It’s Joey!
 Joey:That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
 Joey:Kinda but I’ve just been having way too much fun.
 Joey:No I don’t think so.
 Joey:Who’s seven?
 Joey:Ahh the babies miss me?
 Joey:What? You ordered pizza without me?!
 Joey:Two pizzas?!
 Joey:Wait well where did you get it from?!
 Joey:What’s in it?
 Joey:(Looking up at the waiter)That’s not food...No I don’t no...(Taps Chandler on the shoulder.) Everythings different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can’t even remember what Phoebe looks like.
 Joey:(Pointing  at Chandler.) Your different here too. Your mean in England. (Chandler throws his hands up to his head in frustration. They walk away from each other.)
 Joey:Hey best man number two Joey Tribbiani. Now I’m not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway I love you guys. (pointing at everyone.) But not as much as I love America. (Looking at Chandler.) Could we please..go home now?
 Joey:(Putting his arm around her.) I’m not going anywhere sweetheart.
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...
 Joey:Ahh Pheebs you know you’re still my number one girl.
 Joey:Ohh great!!!
 Joey:(Confused.) But he loves Emily?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Hold on. Hold on. (Picking up a note pad and writing and reading the message aloud.) Rachel coming. Do...Something.
 Joey:Right!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Have you seen Monica?
 Joey:(With a confused look on his face.) What?
 Joey:Look we’ve got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel’s coming to tell Ross she loves him!!
 Joey:I know! That’s why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?
 Joey:(Whispering.) Pisst Monica. Alright we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I’ll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
 Joey:Okay. (They both walk off to watch for Rachel.)
 Joey:Hey Felicity.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(In a New York accent.) Fuggetaboutit. (She giggles.) How you doin?
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:(Smiling.) Ohh great!! (Putting the phone to his ear.) Hello. (He begins to escort her down the aisle.)
 Joey:No but it’s okay. She just came in and gave him a hug that it.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Ah I’m-I’m walking down the aisle...Still walking. (Mrs. Waltham takes her place.) I’m about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. (Looking at the bridesmaid.) Hey! (Talking to Phoebe.) I told her Hey. And now I’m at the front with Ross. It’s Phoebe. (He shows Ross the phone.) He looks pretty mad. Uh...I’d better go.
 Joey:Well that went well. Yeah.
 Joey:(To the gang) Hey no matter what happens with Ross and Emily we still get cake right?
 Joey:Hey what’s up? (He has solved the problem of eating the steak he’s eating it with his hands.)
 Joey:Well I figured we’re in another country so it doesn’t count.
 Joey:(approaching) Ross hey the band’s ready outside for your first dance with Emily so…
 Joey:You spit on me man! (Wipes his face.)
 Joey:Emily is kinda taking a long time huh?
 Joey:Hey dude let me in. I got a girl out here!
 Joey:No you don’t I just saw you go in there with Monica!
 Joey:Look which one of us is gonna be having sex in there me or you?
 Joey:My Giant? I love that movie!
 Joey:Can I ask you something?
 Joey:Felicity and I we’re watching My Giant and I was thinking I’m never gonna be as good an actor as that giant. Do you think I’m just wasting my life with this acting thing?
 Joey:I mean the giant is like five years younger than me y’know you think I’ll ever get there?
 Joey:Thanks man.
 Joey:But what about how much taller he is than me?
 Joey:I mean there’s no way I can make myself taller now y’know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future but Chandler what if I die an unsuccessful regular sized man?
 Joey:Hey Monica wow you’ve been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
 Joey:Had the beef-tips huh?
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:All right I’m gonna go say hi the chick and the duck.
 Joey:Why would you need to say hi to them you’ve been feeding them for four days?
 Joey:Hey its me! Im comin in!
 Joey:Ahh Im gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:You sure? Some extra crispy? Dirty rice? Beans?
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Mornin Pheebs!
 Joey:(interrupting) Was his name Angus? (Monica and Chandler laugh.)
 Joey:Oh he was this cab driver we had in London.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah-yeah and they had that beer! That uh…
 Joey:Hey Ross Bodingtons!
 Joey:That was good beer.
 Joey:Yknow Id walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
 Joey:Later! (Exits.)
 Joey:(To Chandler) I bet it was about her a little.
 Joey:Say that to him and youre golden. (She just glares at him.)
 Joey:Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:(Jumping out of his way) See ya!! (To the girls.) What the hell was that?!
 Joey:(Poking his head out.) Havin some trouble?
 Joey:Ill kick that door in if you give me a little sugar.
 Joey:(In tremendous pain) All right. Good deal.
 Joey:Uh okay Pheebs?
 Joey:Umm yknow how the other day you were talking about how you didnt get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
 Joey:All right well we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!
 Joey:Yeah all of us! All day!
 Joey:Phoebe!
 Joey:Mine!
 Joey:Nooo I said we needed a new plan.
 Joey:Which is the new plan!
 Joey:Uh Pheebs youre leaking?
 Joey:Okay uh Pheebs quick. Look! This (His video camera) is for the babies to look at someday so is-is there anything you want to say? Yknow before it all starts?
 Joey:I gotta get the before shot!
 Joey:Oh! (In an announcer type voice) And so the miracle of life begins and aaiiyyyeeee! (He grabs his side and doubles over in pain.)
 Joey:Ooh something hurts!
 Joey:Are they? I didnt know I cared that much.
 Joey:Oh my!
 Joey:Not in my head.
 Joey:(in a sexy voice) Yep! Theres always room for Jell-O…
 Joey:Oh its easy. Yeah I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh (snaps his fingers and in a sexy voice) Grandmas chicken salad…
 Joey:(entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (Hes carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay now girl baby turn away and boy babies… (Throws the paper away to reveal a copy of Playpen which is the TV version of Playboy Magazine.) Check it out huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right now lets dive right into the good stuff. (Joey opens the magazine and Ross sticks the camera in it.)
 Joey:Oh a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe theyre with them.
 Joey:Yeah I was bummed too.
 Joey:I think Saturday—(groans in pain again).
 Joey:(entering from the elevator caring gifts for the kids) Hey you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. (He doubles over in pain in front an old man in a wheel chair.) Get up! Get up! Get up! (The old man waves him away.)
 Joey:Umm well what else could it be?
 Joey:Or?
 Joey:Well maybe a little. I wish you hadnt seen me throw up.
 Joey:(interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no nothing is going up! Okay? Up up is not an option—whats a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!
 Joey:Ohh get these things out of me!
 Joey:I want the drugs Ross I want the drugs! (He starts rocking back and forth taking Ross with him.)
 Joey:Argh!
 Joey:Argh!
 Joey:Oh my God.
 Joey:Theyre so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)
 Joey:Well we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
 Joey:(to Monica and Rachel) Hes talking to London!
 Joey:Well no not yet. Hes calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
 Joey:Ross! Way to suck up to the family.
 Joey:(entering wearing a tux) Hey!
 Joey:Dont worry I had it dry-cleaned.
 Joey:Well Im doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
 Joey:A little uh good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure now thats the kind of math Joey likes to do!
 Joey:Why don’t you like PBS Pheebs?
 Joey:Im sorry Pheebs I just yknow I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
 Joey:Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
 Joey:Well yeah it was a really nice thing and all but it made you feel really good right?
 Joey:It made you feel good so that makes it selfish. Look theres no unselfish good deeds sorry.
 Joey:Well may I ask for one example?
 Joey:Thats because all people are selfish.
 Joey:Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah well sorry to burst that bubble Pheebs but selfless good deeds dont exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
 Joey:That he doesnt exist.
 Joey:(To the pledge volunteers) How ya doin? Welcome. Good to see ya!
 Joey:Thats great. But uh Im not really expecting a lot of calls.
 Joey:But Im the host!
 Joey:You dont seem to understand. See I was Dr. Drake Remoray.
 Joey:(on phone) Hey Mon!
 Joey:See there was kind of a mix up in my agents office but Im still on TV and thats good exposure.
 Joey:Oh uh okay how how about now? (He waves his hand in front of the woman next to him and you can now see his arm on TV.)
 Joey:Hello New York! (The woman bats his hand out of the way.)
 Joey:(in a bored voice) PBS telethon.
 Joey:What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?
 Joey:Now yknow the bee probably died after he stung ya.
 Joey:Hey excuse me would you mind switching with me?
 Joey:Come on man! Youve been here all day!
 Joey:(in an unenthusiastic voice) PBS Telethon.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean after what Sesame Street did to ya?
 Joey:And you dont a little good about donating the money?
 Joey:A hamster? What those things are like 10 bucks.
 Joey:Monica? What time is it?
 Joey:But its dark out.
 Joey:I guess Ill get washed up then. Watch that sunrise. (He goes into the bathroom.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Doesn’t seem like its going to work I mean…
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:So Im thinking basically we pick it up and then we flip it.
 Joey:(holding a box) Well remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well when Ross said Rachel at the wedding I figured it was gonna happen again so I hid this in here.
 Joey:You dont know how long were gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
 Joey:Hey youre back!
 Joey:How was your conference?
 Joey:Oh so your weekend was a total bust?
 Joey:Hey youre back too!
 Joey:Hey how was your chef thing?
 Joey:(sticking his head out the door) What are you guys woofing about?
 Joey:Nooooo!!! Yknow what? Now that I think about it I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!
 Joey:You want my advice?
 Joey:Youre not gonna like it.
 Joey:You got married to fast.
 Joey:I told ya.
 Joey:Man if anyone asked me to give up any of you I couldnt do it.
 Joey:Hi Rach.
 Joey:I-I-I dont know if this falls under this category but uh Ross is right back there. (Points over his shoulder.)
 Joey:Hey youre not Kip!
 Joey:Who cares? Youre Rachel! (To Chandler) Whos Kip?
 Joey:Oh that poor bastard.
 Joey:Hey Mr. Bing. That uh hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
 Joey:Cause I figured youd hooked up with some girl and shed left it there.
 Joey:Yknow I-I dont even feel like I know you anymore man! All right look Im just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say Ill believe ya. (Pause.) Were you or were you not on a gay cruise?!
 Joey:(entering) (He clears his throat to get their attention.) Hey Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.
 Joey:(shocked) Oh! Ohh! Oh!!
 Joey:Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!!
 Joey:Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
 Joey:(To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
 Joey:How?! When?!
 Joey:IN LONDON!!!
 Joey:But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
 Joey:All right! Man this is unbelievable! I mean its great but…
 Joey:Aww I dont want to see that!
 Joey:I guess Im done.
 Joey:I think Im gonna take-off.
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that not while youre living under my roof!
 Joey:Look just because I know about you two doesnt mean I like looking at it.
 Joey:Well Im sorry if Im not a middle-aged black woman! (Starts for his room.) And Im also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay look if I have to pretend I dont know about you two then you two are gonna have to pretend theres nothing to know about.
 Joey:(from the bedroom) I can hear that!
 Joey:I can still hear you!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Argh-argh!! (Catches the coat.) Ooh soft. Is this mink?
 Joey:Hey Ross youre okay with that?
 Joey:(after Ross is gone) What is he doing? What Emily thinks Rosss furniture has got Rachel coodies?
 Joey:No! Everythings gettin all messed up yknow? Emily wont let Ross see Rachel were not gonna stop seeing Rachel hence Ross stops seeing us!
 Joey:No! But yknow Im an actor Ill act cool.
 Joey:Ill take it!
 Joey:Ooh-ooh-ooh yeah! (He drapes it around his shoulders.) Enh? All right what do you think?
 Joey:Whats the matter Ross?
 Joey:Thats way uptown! Thats like three trains away! (Phoebe pinches him.) Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
 Joey:Now hes movin? Man what is Emily doing to him? (Phoebe pinches him again.) Ow!! Hes not even here!!!
 Joey:Uhh like dark hair bushy beard?
 Joey:Yeah you fogged Danny.
 Joey:Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
 Joey:Ohh. Hey remember when I ran into this thing (The shutters that close off the kitchen.) and it kinda knocked me out a little?
 Joey:Uhh are you saying that youre not entirely happy about this?
 Joey:You do have a choice!! Ross why are you listening to her?! Are you are you crazy?!
 Joey:Its not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally-(The gang enters behind Joey and Phoebe pinches him again.)-Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy right? Well he just told me that hes not entirely happy.
 Joey:We all hate Emily!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!
 Joey:I kinda feel like its my fault.
 Joey:Well Im keeping so many things to myself these days something was bound to slip out! (He glares at Chandler.)
 Joey:Look Ross I feel really bad. I mean youre going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
 Joey:Look we were way out of line we totally support you.
 Joey:Hey yknow Ross I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
 Joey:Yeah you see umm well Im an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface yknow? See what Im saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. (Makes like hes juggling.) Yknow what I mean? Its tough! Guys like me yknow you wander around youre alone…
 Joey:(thinks) Im not sure.
 Joey:RACHEL PLEASE!!! JUST HAVE DINNER WITH US!!!
 Joey:All right I-Im sorry. Im sorry. You see Rach Im an actor…
 Joey:Its almost as if he knew.
 Joey:Well uh I dont know about whos here but I can tell you for damn sure whos not here and thats Rachel!!
 Joey:I think its going okay. Looks like hes smiling.
 Joey:You can totally tell! Here look watch me. (He stands up and turns his back to them so that he is facing the window.) Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. (The camera cuts to Ross outside hanging up the phone.) Smile! (Ross turns around and sees Joey alternately smiling and frowning and just stares at him for a second and heads back inside.)
 Joey:What happened? What happened?
 Joey:No look. (Shows him the magazine.)
 Joey:I know I know but look at the knobs on her.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:Hey you can stay with us! Well take care of ya!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Ross?
 Joey:Not a problem. And listen hey! Since youre gonna be here for a while why dont—I was thinking we uh put your name on the answering machine.
 Joey:Hey all right!
 Joey:(To Chandler) Youre fake laughing too right?
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Nothing.
 Joey:(smiles) Kinda.
 Joey:Dude you shouldve gone out once and a while.
 Joey:Come on Chandler Ross is our friend. He needs us right now so why dont you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
 Joey:Sorry.
 Joey:Ahhhhhhhhhh…
 Joey:Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
 Joey:No-no no! We have to move the table into my room yeah! Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
 Joey:All right I have one question. What is the deal with this? (Imitates Rosss quiet down maneuver but does move his hands up and down he just flaps his hands as if hes waving good-bye.)
 Joey:No the quiet down thing!
 Joey:Um-hmm! Look I-I-I dont know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
 Joey:All right I guess I can hold out a little longer. Lets have a game.
 Joey:YES!!
 Joey:Um-hmm.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
 Joey:Pheebs if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places where are we gonna eat?!
 Joey:Umm yum!
 Joey:Mine! (He grabs it.)
 Joey:Oh thats mine too! (Grabs it and Ross looks at him.) Im Italian!
 Joey:But its available now! Isnt it?
 Joey:Hey lets go look at it! (They both jump up.)
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Somebody was using his head. Hey lets check out the rest of the place.
 Joey:But hey Ross this place is available now!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh its perfect!
 Joey:He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! (Pause.) You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
 Joey:Maybe maybe we did a good thing helping Ross get back on his feet!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:I dont know. Maybe pizza?
 Joey:Oh! Oh!
 Joey:Hello! (Listens.) Oh yeah! (To Chandler) Its the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. (To the apartment manager.) Ross is the greatest guy youll ever meet! Yeah hes very reliable.
 Joey:(getting up) Dude Im telling ya! Im fine! (He tries to take a step and falls flat on his face.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Youre kidding!
 Joey:But you cant stay with Phoebe Ross! Were-were roomies!
 Joey:Well we got plenty of space! There-theres still some over there (Points to where the window is but sees that there isnt any space there and points towards his door.) by-by that speaker. Please just stay!
 Joey:Definitely!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Dude stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
 Joey:I need something sweet.
 Joey:Ooh-ooh I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall weve been having.
 Joey:Yeah the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chicks skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me Im also thankful for thongs. (Note Actually I think every guy is thankful for thongs. That and spandex. J )
 Joey:I mean its not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean its amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
 Joey:Oh come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldnt be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
 Joey:Man it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I dont have any past life memories.
 Joey:Hey its not like it sounds.
 Joey:(muffled) Hello?
 Joey:Phoebe?
 Joey:Look. (He walks out of the bathroom with his head stuck in a huge turkey.)
 Joey:I know! Its stuck!!!
 Joey:I put it on to scare Chandler!
 Joey:Well then help me get it off! Plus it smells really bad in here.
 Joey:Its Joey.
 Joey:I cant! It-its stuck!
 Joey:Sorry! Sorry.
 Joey:(pointing) It worked! I scared ya I knew it! Ha-ha!
 Joey:(turning all the way around and still not facing Chandler) Yeah you are! (Starts dancing.) I scared you!
 Joey:Hey I wasnt the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say Butternut squash? And it came out Squatternut buash?
 Joey:Youre a dork.
 Joey:Yeah theyre mine.
 Joey:I dont know uhh… (Pause as he thinks about it.) Well Im Joey. Yeah Im disgusting I take my underwear off in other peoples homes.
 Joey:(reluctantly taking them) Chandler? A word.
 Joey:Thats it! Im tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! (Realizes he still has the underwear in his hand.) Ahh! (Throws them towards Chandlers room.) And tighty-whiteys! What are you 8?
 Joey:Oh hey no youre not welcome. Okay look I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! (To Monica) Yesterday Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didnt know what to say so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and (He puts his leg on the chair and pulls up his pants leg to reveal that he now has shaved legs.)
 Joey:Yeah it was! All right listen I cant…
 Joey:Oh-oh yeah-yeah I bet all the sex makes it easier!
 Joey:All right! But (To Monica) you do it with me once.
 Joey:Didnt think so.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:Whats wrong buddy?
 Joey:Im surprised you didnt go home wearing your lunch.
 Joey:So you uh still wondering?
 Joey:Youre smart. I like that.
 Joey:Oh no-no-no-no wait-wait-wait!!
 Joey:Hiya.
 Joey:Im Joey. I mean Im disgusting. I make low-budget adult films. (Points at Chandler angrily.)
 Joey:You guys promised youd be more careful! I mean come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!
 Joey:Well Im telling everyone about you! Thats the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesnt make me look like a pig!
 Joey:Yeah I like that. But no-no how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
 Joey:Well get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!
 Joey:All right. Hey but it better make me look really really good. (Starts for his room.) Oh and another thing the video camera? Nice!!
 Joey:Oh no-no-no! No-no-no-no-no-no-no!
 Joey:No! I am not a pervert! Okay? Its just… I just… Kinda…
 Joey:Thank you!
 Joey:What?!! (He turns around and stares at Chandler whos silently pleading with Joey to go along with it.) No Im not!!
 Joey:No! No! I am not a sex addict!
 Joey:No it isnt! No its not. Because you can also explain it with the truth!
 Joey:(thinking) I slept with Monica.
 Joey:Uh yes but it was we just did it once uh in London.
 Joey:Of course its true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff thats been going on?
 Joey:Ahh—oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
 Joey:No! If anyones a sex addict here its Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
 Joey:That makes sense!
 Joey:Uhh Monica?
 Joey:But sadly I could not be enticed.
 Joey:Well I think weve all learned something about whos disgusting and whos not. Eh? All right now Im going to get back to my bucket. Im only eating the skin so the chickens up for grabs. (Offers it to everyone.)
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:Why are you doing this?
 Joey:Dude you just described seven days worth of stuff. You’ve got to spread it out a little you know. Haven’t you ever been unemployed?
 Joey:Hey don’t get religious on me ok. (Ross looks a little confused.) A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here…sit down. (Ross sits down.) Ready? (Joey flips the foot rest up.) Ahh!! (He reclines the chair fully.) Ohh yeah!! Huh?!
 Joey:Ohh no no. We’re not going to just sit. (Joey sits down and hits the speed dial button on the phone.) Shhh. (It begins to ring.)
 Joey:(In a high pitched female voice) Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
 Joey:But I love you.
 Joey:And that’s Wednesday. (He reclines in his chair.) Ohh.
 Joey:So Pheebs where are you doing all your bell ringing?
 Joey:How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.
 Joey:She’s a woman!
 Joey:(Very discouraged) Okay is there anything else?
 Joey:That part was perfect for me! I cant believe I didnt get it!
 Joey:Come on Ross be realistic yknow? If I did write something what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
 Joey:Wait a second I could star in it!
 Joey:I cant write! Yknow I mean I-I-Im an actor I dont have the discipline that takes yknow? I cant do it.
 Joey:Really? Youd-youd do that for me?!
 Joey:Thanks!
 Joey:Done!
 Joey:Its not.
 Joey:(disappointed) Oh.
 Joey:Hey how do you spell suspicious?
 Joey:Because I think this character is going to be suspicious about stuff.
 Joey:Youre driving me crazy with that!
 Joey:Don’t stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
 Joey:Well you suck! But at least you suck at a mans game now.
 Joey:Chandler I cant be playing games Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if Im gonna stick to his schedule.
 Joey:(jumping up) All right! But uh listen what do you say we crank it up a notch?
 Joey:All right all we need is a little lighter fluid.
 Joey:Yeah I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.
 Joey:Uh yeah right here. (He punches his fist through the wall next to the door.)
 Joey:Yeah thats the uh game we were playing.
 Joey:Youre right youre right Ill get back to work.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(To Chandler) I didnt finish my five pages.
 Joey:Yesterdays pages did not reflect my best work.
 Joey:Dude if you think Fireballs relaxing youve obviously have never played.
 Joey:Come on look guys dont fight.
 Joey:Hey-hey guys hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? Ill go unhook the smoke detectors!
 Joey:Oh yknow the same thing happened to me one time.
 Joey:Dont you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture—I didnt have my camera!
 Joey:Yeah wow sorry Rach.
 Joey:Theyre brother and sister!!!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
 Joey:No dude Ross tore up the tickets!
 Joey:Yeah well thats fine but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh I think its really good but yknow itd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
 Joey:Okay. (Reading.) Its a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out. Ross (Points to him.)
 Joey:Oh no! No-no keep reading! The good parts coming up. Keep going.
 Joey:A handsome man enters. (Playing the part of the handsome man.) Hey! Hows it going guys? I dont know what you two were talking about but Id like to say thanks to both of you. You (Ross) you wouldnt let me give up on myself and you (Chandler) well you co-created Fireball. The end.
 Joey:No-no this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new Ultimate Fireball. (Takes out a bowling ball and a propane torch.) Ha-ha!
 Joey:(Reading the scene set up.) Okay its a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
 Joey:What?! Wait-wait-wait! The handsome man was about to enter!!
 Joey:All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!
 Joey:Whats the matter?!
 Joey:All right Ill take care of it.
 Joey:Ross! Ross! Ross listen! Who are you kissing at midnight huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
 Joey:Well you gotta kiss someone you cant kiss your sister.
 Joey:Chandler.
 Joey:Dude-dude who would you rather have kiss your sister me or Chandler?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Okay great!
 Joey:Pheebs! Pheebs! Ross wants to kiss you at midnight!
 Joey:Rach! Rach! Listen Im gonna kiss you at midnight.
 Joey:So? Who would you rather have kiss you me or Chandler?
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:So did that do anything for ya?
 Joey:All right my New Years resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
 Joey:Well yknow those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
 Joey:Really? Who-who have you taught?
 Joey:Yeah thatd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
 Joey:Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution your new thing for today?
 Joey:You all right Chandler? Is there something funny about that name?
 Joey:Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny Id bet! (Chandler is straining to keep quiet as Phoebe enters.)
 Joey:See ya! All right Pheebs I am ready for my first lesson.
 Joey:Umm okay.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! Check-check this out. (Holds up his hand in one of Phoebes chords.)
 Joey:Yeah listen so I thought I was getting better so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and…
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:Yeah! (Chandler bangs the table in frustration.)
 Joey:You look like a freak.
 Joey:Well everyone will enjoy my music as well. (Does a chord and Monica starts taking pictures of him and Phoebe. They both start to strike a pose with the excessive amount of pictures that Monica takes.)
 Joey:Yes! Yes I did.
 Joey:(thinks) (quietly) G-sharp.
 Joey:What?! I didnt touch a guitar!
 Joey:No Im not questioning it Im saying its stupid! (Notices Monica standing between them and smiling.) What?! (The camera clicks taking another picture.)
 Joey:Your other student was you!
 Joey:(looking in the Yellow Pages) Look maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper he teaches guitar and look ooh theres a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KIDS GOT A GUITAR!!!!!! (Storms out.)
 Joey:(answering phone) Hello?
 Joey:Uhh Chandlers not here.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Nice!
 Joey:Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh do you see any like powder?
 Joey:Good-good okay sprinkle some of that on your legs itll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
 Joey:Umm do you see any—oh Vaseline?
 Joey:Yeah sure spread some of that on there.
 Joey:Ross? You okay?
 Joey:Really?! Uhh what color is it?
 Joey:Well Im just—if the paste matches the pants you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she wont know the difference!
 Joey:(To Ross) Uh Rachels here so good luck man let me know how it works out. (He hangs up the phone and strands Ross in the bathroom.)
 Joey:Oh well youre timing couldnt be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
 Joey:What-what is it what is it?
 Joey:Oh no no-no-no-no! I dont want to know!
 Joey:I dont care Rach! Look I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but cant tell anyone!
 Joey:And youre not supposed to be gossiping!!
 Joey:Im not listening to you!
 Joey:Hey Pheebs?
 Joey:Look Pheebs I just I wanna apologize for for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise I wont touch a guitar until you say Im ready. (After a short pause she hands him her guitar.) You really think Im ready?
 Joey:Wow! Cool! (He takes the guitar stands up and goes to play a note. However while strumming it he knocks it out of his hands and it bounces off the table and lands on the floor. Phoebe just stares at the guitar.)
 Joey:(sitting back down) Was the chord at least right…
 Joey:Howdy partner!
 Joey:Umm?
 Joey:Oh no! (Starts that screaming thing again. Rachel stops him by pulling his fingers out of his ears.)
 Joey:Well then it wouldnt be a secret. So yeah that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
 Joey:Now? You want me to go over there now?
 Joey:Do you know something?
 Joey:I might know something.
 Joey:Whats the thing you know?
 Joey:I cant tell you what I know.
 Joey:Okay fine.
 Joey:You dont know!
 Joey:(gasps) YOU KNOW!!!!
 Joey:Yeah I know!!!!
 Joey:Too long! Oh my God Rach Ive been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen listen we cant say anything about this to anybody theyre so weird about that! Listen… (Phoebe returns and interrupts them.)
 Joey:Oh I am going to go for a walk in the rain.
 Joey:Rach I told you everything I knew last night! Look its not that big of a deal so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
 Joey:Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.
 Joey:(thinks) I dont know.
 Joey:I dont know.
 Joey:(thinks) I dont know.
 Joey:Ohh I know one thing!
 Joey:They did it right there on the couch.
 Joey:Hey Ross!
 Joey:(eyeing the flattened scone) Anybody gonna eat that?
 Joey:(entering from his room) All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Oh. Are you sure you dont want to come? Tom Hanks Meg Ryan they get mail and stuff.
 Joey:All right lets go Pheebs.
 Joey:Maybe we should check the trash chute.
 Joey:Thats right he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.
 Joey:(snaps his fingers) He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.
 Joey:He hooked up!! Tell us about her!
 Joey:All right hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross okay? Hes our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
 Joey:Phoebe! Dont put ideas in his head!
 Joey:Damnit Phoebe!!
 Joey:All right put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
 Joey:All right. Lets get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket thats over the duck and the laundry basket thats over the chicken.) And theyre off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick stopping it from moving.)
 Joey:Judge rules no violation.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
 Joey:Judge rules Nutter-Butter.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(entering) Hey Rach! Hey you mind if I read my comic books in here?
 Joey:Oh well Chandler and Monica are over there and its kinda hard to concentrate.
 Joey:Umm hi.
 Joey:Chandler if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
 Joey:Whoa dude look out! You almost crushed my hat! (He picks a hat up from the floor. Its one of those magician stovepipe hats.)
 Joey:Oh! Yeah look theres this play all right? And Im up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda yknow ultra-hip high fashion stuff.
 Joey:Yeah like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
 Joey:Great! Thanks Rach!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Are you all right?
 Joey:Pheebs! Sorry!
 Joey:Pheebs Im so sorry.
 Joey:All right then youd better show me some of that too then.
 Joey:Really? A purse?
 Joey:It looks like a womens purse.
 Joey:See look women carrying the bag. (He puts it on his shoulder and looks at himself in the mirror and likes what he sees.) But it is odd how a womens purse looks good on me a man.
 Joey:Maybe you need sex. I had sex a couple days ago.
 Joey:Well I aint gonna say no to that.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:What? Are you referring to my mans bag? At first I thought it just looked good but its practical too. Check it out! Its got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
 Joey:Yeah but sandwich time is right now. (Removes a sandwich and starts eating.)
 Joey:Why would I return it? I love this bag!
 Joey:Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? (Hes holding the fake credit cards that come with the bag.)
 Joey:All right relax look Ill pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
 Joey:U-N-I-sexy? (Smiles provocatively.)
 Joey:Hey Pheebs Im so sorry.
 Joey:Here I brought you some flowers. (He pulls them out of the bag.)
 Joey:(approaches wearing his glasses) Hey you guys check it out. Check it out. (Moves his hand towards and away from his face.) Its like its coming right at me. (Chandler helps out a little bit by pushing on Joeys arm which causes his hand to slap him in his face.)
 Joey:What did you say to him?
 Joey:(entering with bag) Hey! Im off to my audition. How do I look?
 Joey:Yknow what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And its as handy as it is becoming. Now just because you dont understand something doesnt make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey (pats the bag) comes with a bag! (Exits.)
 Joey:(reading from the script) Well you must be new here. Why dont we get a table and Ill buy you a drink.
 Joey:Yeah sure. (He takes it off and starts reading.) Well you must be new here. Maybe we should—Im sorry can I ask you something? (He stops and asks a question.)
 Joey:Well first its not a purse.
 Joey:I mean if-if youre thinking its a womans bag its not. Its a mans bag!
 Joey:All right look let me show you the catalog! (Does so.) See? Huh? Its the latest thing! Everyones got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyones carrying them!
 Joey:Noooo. No-no-no these babies sell themselves.
 Joey:Yeah but I didn’t read anything.
 Joey:Okay! All right Ill see ya. (As hes walking off stage.) (Patting the bag.) We got it! We got it!
 Joey:(dejected) Hi.
 Joey:Estelle said I didnt get it. (Sits down next to Rachel on the couch.)
 Joey:Yeah I thought so too but she said the casting people had some problems with me.
 Joey:Well to tell you the truth they uh (Pause) they had a problem with the bag!
 Joey:Yknow what? It was a stupid play anyway!
 Joey:I dont wanna give up the bag. I dont have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? (Shes avoiding his eyes.) Oh you think I should give up the bag!
 Joey:I cant believe Im hearing this!
 Joey:Hey yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Yknow you have a can we have a can and its connected by a string!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys!
 Joey:What? What?
 Joey:You mean how theyre friends and nothing more? (Glares at Rachel.)
 Joey:Yes but yknow what? It doesnt matter who knows what. Now enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
 Joey:No-no-no! No-no wait Rach you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
 Joey:I cant take any…
 Joey:Noo! I cant take any more secrets! (To Rachel) Ive got your secrets. Ive got their secrets. I got secrets of my own yknow!
 Joey:Oh yeah? Well you dont know about Hugsy my bedtime penguin pal. (Joey shies away.)
 Joey:Ugh.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Well I didnt tell them!
 Joey:Uhhh Phoebe and Joey.
 Joey:And Rachel. I wouldve told you but they made me promise not to tell!
 Joey:Im sorry! But hey its over now right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
 Joey:No! Not unless! Look this must end now!
 Joey:Im listening.
 Joey:So he likes to break stuff.
 Joey:Yeah poor cat never saw that big butt coming.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:They know you know.
 Joey:I couldnt even if I wanted too.
 Joey:(looking out the window) Hey-hey check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend!
 Joey:(entering the hall) Oh man! Arent you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!
 Joey:Ooh!
 Joey:I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh okay! Show him your bra! Hes afraid of bras! Cant work em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebes dress revealing her bra.)
 Joey:Its not my first time.
 Joey:Dude!
 Joey:All right! So thats it! Its over! Everybody knows!
 Joey:(panicking) Dude! Hes right there!
 Joey:Okay all right whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? (Ross turns and glares at him.) Hey-hey-hey I-I-Im just talking here he-hes the one doing your sister.
 Joey:(quickly) I call Godfather!
 Joey:Sure if you cared enough to call it first.
 Joey:(to her) Oh hey Katie! Everyone this is Katie.
 Joey:So are you ready to go?
 Joey:Oh sure right back there. (Points.)
 Joey:I was thinking Chinese food.
 Joey:I dont know. I mean I like her a lot and shes really nice but…
 Joey:(shyly) She keeps punching me.
 Joey:Hey its a lot harder than it looks! Okay? (Quietly) She-she-shes hurting me.
 Joey:(sets the coffee down) Yknow breadstick fangs are always funny.
 Joey:Uhh look Katie uh listen we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm look I like you. I-I really do I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someones hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
 Joey:No-no.
 Joey:Yeah big!
 Joey:Uh-oh shht! The Misses.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Thanks! Ive been working out. Hey listen is it obvious that Im wearing six sweaters?
 Joey:Well look I’m breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Yknow? I mean if she hits me when shes happy can you imagine how hard shes gonna hit me when I tell her Im taking away the Joey love?
 Joey:Hey! Hiya!
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:Uhh….
 Joey:Nah.
 Joey:What a bad idea!
 Joey:Shes right yknow.
 Joey:Hey Ross will you pass me that knife?
 Joey:Oh its okay. You dont have to be so mean about it.
 Joey:Thats not funny at all!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:What are you guys doing up?
 Joey:(thinks) Dark red.
 Joey:Aww you guys are so cute!
 Joey:All right Ill see you in the morning.
 Joey:(entering) Hey you guys!
 Joey:(To Monica) Hey. That uh that my sweatshirt?
 Joey:Well uh its just that uh yknow if-if youre gonna be wearing someones sweatshirt shouldnt it be your boyfriends--and I’m not him.
 Joey:No-no! No! I mean its gonna be all smelling like Monica!
 Joey:No! No you smell like a meadow. (Pause.) Im sorry. (Runs to the bathroom.)
 Joey:(To Phoebe) Hey! (Sees that Monicas there.) Oh.
 Joey:Yeah I didn’t know you guys were going to be here.
 Joey:(backing away) What?! Why?!
 Joey:Nothing!
 Joey:All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream (pause) but I dont want to talk about it. (Starts for his room.)
 Joey:Well it involved Monica.
 Joey:Dont worry there wasnt any sex in it or anything. I havent dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
 Joey:Well okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Yknow like you guys were doing last night. So thats it. Im in love with Monica and Ill be moving out.
 Joey:It-it doesn’t?
 Joey:That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
 Joey:In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
 Joey:(looks at her) Not really.
 Joey:No I dont think its just about just getting a girlfriend. Yknow? I mean yeah I can get a girlfriend! Yeah we could sit in the chair and do crosswords but yknow are we ever going to have yknow the closeness like-like you guys have?
 Joey:Friends first? Thats interesting.
 Joey:No never done that either.
 Joey:(in a sexy voice) How you doin?
 Joey:Oh Id love too but I got acting class. But yknow what? I guess I can blow that off (In a sexy voice) for you.
 Joey:Uh hey Rach let me ask you something. Uh I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler boy they are really tight.
 Joey:Yeah thats not such a bad situation they got going over there. Im thinking of getting me one of those.
 Joey:Well the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great…
 Joey:…is because they were friends first. Yknow? So I asked myself Who are my friends? You and Phoebe and I saw you first. So…
 Joey:Im saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
 Joey:Ill treat you real nice. (Pulls out a chair for her.)
 Joey:Wont-wont that take longer?
 Joey:Yeah. I understand. I understand. (Pause) Man I wish I saw Phoebe first!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Yeah yeah I met this woman. (Starts for his room.)
 Joey:Uhh well shes…really good in bed.
 Joey:(To Rachel) Well look hey its all your fault!
 Joey:Well because you didnt give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to yknow build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly through no fault of my own became irresistible to her! (Pause) And her roommate!
 Joey:Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!
 Joey:(entering) All right! Hey who wants pizza?!
 Joey:(taking a bite) Oh great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor?
 Joey:Uhh just a minute officer!!
 Joey:Boy that guys underwear sucks!
 Joey:I got this pair marked excess I gotta tell ya there was no room for excess anything in there.
 Joey:Thats right Ross I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday (To Monica) same as the day before.
 Joey:Nope. Op wait! There he goes.
 Joey:(waving) Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. (Notices that a woman is waving back.) Oh no-no-no I wasnt waving at you lady. (She just stares at him.) (Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa maybe I was! Hey Monica this totally hot girl in Rosss building is flirting with me.
 Joey:Yeah I-I-Im down with that. (He turns back to the woman.) Okay here goes. (Thinks.) How (Holds up his hand like an Indian) you (Points at her) a-doin? (Does a little twisting motion with both hands and ends up pointing at her he then winks. She smiles and waves again.) (To Monica) It worked! Shes waving me over. (Towards the woman.) Okay I-I-Ill be right over. Lets see shes on the third floor…
 Joey:Tell me about it huh? (Realizes that she can see Monica.) Oh no-no-no Im not with her shes just Monica! (He pantomimes that out.) Ewwuck! (He pushes Monica away and makes a disgusted face.)
 Joey:This is your place?
 Joey:But I counted youre not supposed to live here! Oh man! (Runs away.)
 Joey:Ugh!!
 Joey:I ended up at Rosss place. Oh I musta missed counted or something. (Looks out the window.) Damn! Shes not there anymore. Oh l-l-look Ross is doing his Watching TV bit. (We see Ross sitting on the couch and flipping through the channels on his remote.)
 Joey:Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
 Joey:What happened?
 Joey:You kissed him?!
 Joey:I bet that kiss isnt looking like such a big mistake now is it?
 Joey:Yeah! (Chandler makes a noise) No?
 Joey:Oh Rachel look dont say that I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. (She hugs him and Joey looks out the window.) Shes back! Hot girls back!
 Joey:No in Rosss building! (He throws Rachel onto the chair and heads to the window.) Shes back! Shes back! (Pantomimes) Okay wait there Ill be over in a second. (He counts where she is again.) Got it! (Runs out and does a little hot over a chair.)
 Joey:Damnit!! Did you move?!
 Joey:(Looking around) Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?
 Joey:Yeah. Sorry about that. (He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.) Oh hey little girl. Uhh is-is your mommy or sister or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
 Joey:Later! (He runs away down the hall and hides behind a corner to a whole other corridor.) Oh man! (Walks down the hallway in desperation.) Hot girl! Hot girl!!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys! (Sees their state of undress) What cha been doin? (Has a silly grin.)
 Joey:I dont know. But I can see through your sheet. (He looks out the window.) Yeah yeah thats her. But yknow what? Doesnt matter Im never gonna get to meet her anyway.
 Joey:Because its impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe or something.
 Joey:No. No. No. She lives on the third floor eighth apartment from the left.
 Joey:I did not know that! Thank you Monica. (Starts to leave) I cant believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
 Joey:Dahhhhh!! (Ross has a puzzled look on his face.) No! Noooo!! (Storms off.)
 Joey:Okay pick a card.
 Joey:All right now memorize it. (Pause) You got it?
 Joey:(holding up the Queen of Clubs) Is that your card? (He winks and smiles.)
 Joey:(reading the card) Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! (Ross gasps) Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! (Ross and Carol stare at him then Joey realizes what he just said.) I mean way to go Ben! (Gives Ben the thumbs up which Ben returns.) Man! Ive been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
 Joey:Im always on the swings! What am I doing wrong?!
 Joey:Luck!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa but her birthday isnt like for another month.
 Joey:Ross!! Were having a surprise party for Rachel!!
 Joey:Done.
 Joey:Theyre gonna do it together.
 Joey:What so I gotta shut it down now?
 Joey:Whoa-whoa dad? Theres a dad in the commercial?
 Joey:Whoa hey maybe Ill go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Bens father than his godfather.
 Joey:What?! Are you kidding?!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Hey! Im in theyre gonna let me audition!
 Joey:I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play so I steered clear of her…
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah! Hes done tons of commercials. Ive seen him in like Sugar Smacks Playstation and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad….
 Joey:Thats great. Listen wouldnt it be great though if I got to play Bens dad?
 Joey:I look more like him than you do! (He winks at Carol.)
 Joey:(also downtrodden) Yeah I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didnt get a callback.
 Joey:(Happily) Yeah I did!
 Joey:Well unfortunately I dont get many callbacks so…
 Joey:Who knows?
 Joey:Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Bens dad!
 Joey:Man this is gonna be kinda weird.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! (To the guys) Hey!
 Joey:Ross good Im uh glad youre here. I wanna talk to you about something.
 Joey:Well Ive been thinking about this whole commercial thing yknow me going up against Ben the two of us competing and that cant lead to anything good. So I think Im just gonna step aside. Im gonna tell them that I wont audition.
 Joey:Thats it? Youre-youre gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career were talking about here!
 Joey:I just said that so you wouldnt let Ben do it! Look Ross if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
 Joey:What? Chandler! Tell em!
 Joey:At least I care about his feelings!
 Joey:Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn’t get it?
 Joey:Oh come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
 Joey:You just give him a spoon baby!
 Joey:Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
 Joey:Yeah?! Sos yours!
 Joey:Hmmm soup! (Tries again.) Hmm soup! (Tries again with a little caveman thrown in.) Hmm soup!
 Joey:Oh yeah no problem.
 Joey:(goes over to Ben) Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya its no picnic. Theres tons of rejection. No stability. One day youre Dr. Drake Remoray the next day youre eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
 Joey:(angrily) Ross!
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Uh-oh.
 Joey:Well this is noodle soup and uh Ive been working with tomato. But thats okay no problem. No problem. Hmm noodle soup.
 Joey:Oh what did I say?
 Joey:Hows that different? (She looks at him until he gets it.) Oh! Yeah!
 Joey:Hmm noodle soup.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Hmm soup. (Pause.) I mean noodle soup. I mean soup!
 Joey:No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! (Eats another spoonful) Hmm noodle soup. Damnit! (Storms out.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah right! (Gets up for a refill to his snow cone.)
 Joey:Yeah? Well look Ross you dont have to. Okay? Its not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor cant even say Hmm noodle soup. (Nods his head in disgust.)
 Joey:What you do mean?
 Joey:Wait-whoa-whoa you lost me.
 Joey:Well youre way sounds a lot better than mine. (Thinks about it.) Yeah. Yeah! Its not that Im a bad actor…
 Joey:No its just ah I care so damn much about little Ben that uh it was more important to see him succeed.
 Joey:Thank you! So did-did he get it?
 Joey:Eh what are you gonna do?
 Joey:(entering with his grandmother) Hey everybody look whos here! You remember my grandmother!
 Joey:Chandler she doesnt understand a word of English.
 Joey:Shes my biggest fan. Yeah shes the only one in the family thats believed in me.
 Joey:Yeah I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so…
 Joey:Wow Pheebs you speak Italian?
 Joey:Okay see that blind guy right there? Im gonna bash his head in later.
 Joey:Oh umm my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
 Joey:(walking past) True story! (Goes and sits down.)
 Joey:Okay heres my big scene. My big scenes here! (They have two of the cops on the street then they cut to where theyre entering an apartment.) Oh my God.
 Joey:(smiling) Okay everybody just keep smiling. Itll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
 Joey:(smiling) Oh they cut me out of the show.
 Joey:(smiling) Not likely.  Cause you see that body bag right there
 Joey:(smiling) Im in it.
 Joey:(smiling) I dont know. This little old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
 Joey:(smiling) No smile! Not that face smile! Everybody smile! (They all smile.)
 Joey:Soon soon Im gonna be on soon. There I am! (Points to the screen of course it isnt him.)
 Joey:No-no-no that-thats me thats me.
 Joey:(To Ross in the kitchen) All right its another commercial; I still havent told her!
 Joey:I know I know! What am I going to do? (Thinks) Ooh!
 Joey:(dejected) Yeah all right. (Thinks of something.) Ooh! (He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Is the show still on?
 Joey:(says hi to his grandma) Look! Oh! (Pointing out the window.) Is that the Pope?! (Chandler and his grandma turn to look and Joey slips a tape into the VCR.)
 Joey:Oh here I am heres my big scene!
 Joey:(on the tape) All right back off! I gotta gun! Im not afraid to use it!
 Joey:Thats right!
 Joey:(on the tape) Now I wanna a suitcase filled with 100000 dollars. (The duck quacks to the duck) Choo! Choo! Choo! (To the imaginary cops) Filled with $100000 in small bills and if I dont get it…(the duck quacks louder) Choo!! And if I dont get it (pause picks up the duck) Im gonna shoot this duck!
 Joey:(on the tape) Im comin out! (He opens the door and hops out pointing the gun in all directions and then runs out of view.)
 Joey:(to his grandmother) Thats uh scenes from next weeks show. Next weeks!
 Joey:Oh yeah good idea.
 Joey:Ooh Ross look! Look! (Points behind Ross.)
 Joey:Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!
 Joey:(to the rest of the gang) Somebody help me out here!
 Joey:You got to go on a ride along?!
 Joey:I want to go on a ride along!
 Joey:(returning from a deli) Okay I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!
 Joey:Oh-ho yeah!
 Joey:Yep!
 Joey:(dejected) Yeah okay. (To Chandler) Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
 Joey:Yeah okay.
 Joey:Did I say you could smell it?!
 Joey:Half the taste is in the smell! You-youre sucking up all the tastiness!
 Joey:Okay imagine the best sex youve ever had.
 Joey:Are you thinking about Monica?
 Joey:Yeah whats that like?
 Joey:Come on man! (To Gary) Listen so uh are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
 Joey:Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!
 Joey:Yeah whats up with that Serpico?
 Joey:Is everything okay?
 Joey:(To Ross) You okay man?
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Yeah I didnt know that.
 Joey:Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
 Joey:Dude! How come you took off?
 Joey:Is something wrong?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Thats what this is about! Oh my God you hate Ross!
 Joey:Of course you do! I saved him! Youre mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
 Joey:I dont know but I dont like what Im hearing!
 Joey:Ohh youre upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I…knew…you could take care of yourself. Yknow I mean Ross he need help. Hes not street like us!
 Joey:Well no not exactly! All right look I I wasnt trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was I was trying to save my sandwich.
 Joey:I know it doesnt make much sense…
 Joey:Look Chandler it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!
 Joey:I know it sounds crazy but Chandler this is (Goes and picks up the sandwich) the greatest sandwich in the world!
 Joey:No! I would never do that! You-youre like my brother!
 Joey:Yeah! In fact to prove how much you mean to me (He unwraps the sandwich and holds it out for Chandler) here.
 Joey:No eh oh-oi easy its not a hot dog!
 Joey:How good is that?
 Joey:See?
 Joey:Oh-whoa-hey dude what are you doing?!
 Joey:Yeah. With a bite! (Takes back the sandwich.) Gee-e-e-eez!
 Joey:Yeah hero sandwiches. (Points at Ross who points back.)
 Joey:Hey Ross is uh is Staten Island really an island?
 Joey:Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.
 Joey:Hey what time is it?
 Joey:Wow! You realize that weve been throwing this ball without dropping it for like an hour?
 Joey:Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didnt want to say anything cause I didnt want to jinx it.
 Joey:Oh I-I I think thats the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah my pants are a little loose!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:What the hell is that?!!
 Joey:That is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
 Joey:Its not a cat!
 Joey:Its not a cat!
 Joey:Uhh the ball thing.
 Joey:Hey Ross wouldnt it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:(catches the ball) Uh-oh.
 Joey:I have to pee. And Rachels in the bathroom!
 Joey:Man I didnt think we were gonna make it!
 Joey:Maybe this should be more of a quiet game.
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:I dont know.
 Joey:Oh I dont know…. Yeah cant do it.
 Joey:Yeah we havent dropped it in… (Looks to Ross.)
 Joey:Oh dont worry its not a cat.
 Joey:Thats right baby.
 Joey:Oh yeah thats right!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa you guys its not a cat!
 Joey:I dont know who made you the boss? All right? We (Ross and him) invented this game!
 Joey:Did you get your money back?
 Joey:Oh hey here Pheebs. (He throws her the ball.)
 Joey:Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
 Joey:Uhhh mine too! Yeah.
 Joey:Me too! Me too! Me too! (Yeah he does the same thing.)
 Joey:Yeah I got too excited!
 Joey:(entering depressed) Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. (Pause then very excitedly) I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
 Joey:Its called Shutter Speed its really cool! Yeah umm I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day right? And then she disappears… But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say Wheres Betsy? Right? And she says Betsys been dead for 10 years.
 Joey:And the best part is were filming in the desert outside Vegas! (To Chandler) And you know what that means buddy!
 Joey:Road trip! Yeah we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
 Joey:All right! Thanks Pheebs!
 Joey:Oh umm not go.
 Joey:I cant decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey youve traveled a lot right?
 Joey:Okay so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
 Joey:Great! Problem solved!
 Joey:Well back to square one.
 Joey:(quickly) Yes!
 Joey:Peanut butter!
 Joey:A swimmer!
 Joey:Monica. Oh… huh I always thought it would be Rachel.
 Joey:Ascot!
 Joey:North route!
 Joey:Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees here I come!
 Joey:Hey man whats up?
 Joey:Sure what do you want to see?
 Joey:Oh I know how we can decide. Phoebe show him your game!
 Joey:I dont know. But hey I know we can decide. Okay Im gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
 Joey:What do you like better action or comedy?
 Joey:Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
 Joey:Oh Im sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.
 Joey:Hey! You ready to go?
 Joey:Man I wish Ross was coming with us! Yknow? Im gonna miss him!
 Joey:Uh no not really. Its an independent film yknow? So we dont have a real big budget. I figured Id just stay in your room.
 Joey:Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes one penny of it goes right in Joeys pocket.
 Joey:Did you not hear the plot of the movie? Shes been dead for ten years. Im gonna be a millionaire!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:You got it!
 Joey:Bye-bye!
 Joey:Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?
 Joey:See ya! (Walks out.)
 Joey:Man Im getting pretty tired. Youre might have to take over soon.
 Joey:Dont worry its out there! (Just then a horn honks and Joey quickly looks at the road.) I think I just need lunch.
 Joey:You wanna eat? (Pulls out the twenty) My treat!
 Joey:Yeah. Okay. Rosss treat! Where do you wanna eat?
 Joey:Ooh hey I know how we can decide! All right uh Im gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
 Joey:Okay uhh would you rather be too wet or too dry?
 Joey:Do you believe in ghosts yes or no?
 Joey:Is this movie gonna be my big break?
 Joey:(shocked) What?!
 Joey:Dude you said No!
 Joey:You dont think this is going to be a big break for me?
 Joey:I dont believe this!
 Joey:What are you talking about?! Im the lead in a movie!
 Joey:Yknow what? I dont need this! Okay? I dont know why youre dumping all over my big break.
 Joey:Is that why youre on this trip huh? Make me feel like a loser? Cause if it is Ill tell ya I-I-Id rather be alone.
 Joey:Not if youre gonna be like this!
 Joey:Yeah! I dont want you on the trip!
 Joey:Fine! (He slams on the brakes stopping the car on the bridge to the sound of numerous car horns.) Get out!
 Joey:Get out!!
 Joey:(on a pay phone holding a box) Not as upset as hes gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
 Joey:Lets just say theres a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! Listen this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
 Joey:Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! Youre leading man is here! Lets get to work.
 Joey:Wh-what?! Why?!
 Joey:(laughs) Youre kidding right?
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Uh hang out?! How long?
 Joey:No!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Thanks. (The grip walks away.) (Reading the card.) Congratulations on your big break.
 Joey:(on phone from Vegas) Hey Monica its Joey!
 Joey:Aw come on! Itll be years before I forget you!
 Joey:Uh well yeah-yeah Ive got all of that going on. Yeah listen uh I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldnt have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica my uh my sushis here!
 Joey:(to the family) Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin.
 Joey:Everybody smile! (The picture is taken) Okay thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesars! We hope its toga-rrific! (The family leaves.) Kill me. Kill me now.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! Listen uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can can you get it for me?
 Joey:Uh I scratched it on the ATM machine down on the corner.
 Joey:Thats it! Thanks Pheebs!
 Joey:No! (She nods no to Chandler) Because he didnt believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real!
 Joey:Uhh my stunt double. Yeah and yknow hes getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
 Joey:Uhh Pheebs I heard that. Can you put him on?
 Joey:Dont come out here!
 Joey:I got that! I forgive ya! Dont come out here!
 Joey:Well Im totally over it Chandler. Friends forever! Dont come out here!
 Joey:Uh Entertainment Tonight. [Cut to Chandler] Yeah okay so good talking to ya and dont come out here. All right. (Hangs up the phone and poses for that picture.)
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:What-what are you guys doing here? I thought I told you not to come.
 Joey:Uhh because Im shooting a scene right now. Yeah I uh I play a gladiator. Uh yknow what? Hold-hold on a second. (To no one in particular) Can we cut? Yeah my-my friends are here Im gonna take a little break.
 Joey:They uh director. Uhh her. (Points to an old woman standing behind him. Who glares at him and walks off.) All right all right its not a gladiator movie. I work here.
 Joey:Well the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money so Im working here til it starts up again if it ever does.
 Joey:Look Im sorry I didnt tell ya. (To Chandler) Im sorry man.
 Joey:Yeah what-whats going on?
 Joey:Dawson?!
 Joey:Aww there we go.
 Joey:Ooh so close.
 Joey:Whoa! Whoa! Guys! Please! Come on! Come on! This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
 Joey:Hey-hey dont look at me! I just work here! (Walks away.)
 Joey:Hey yknow in Roman times this was more than just a hat.
 Joey:Yeah sure! Sure! They would uh they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right…
 Joey:All right well Ill take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5000. Can you believe that? $5000!
 Joey:Wait a minute! Why dont I do what that guy did? Ill take this $100 and turn it into $5000! And then Ill turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
 Joey:Chandler! I dont need luck. I have thought this through!
 Joey:(to the dealer) Can I change a hundred? (He hands him his chip.)
 Joey:(betting all 100) Lets ride.
 Joey:Hit me! (He does so.) Ohh man! (Joey busts and loses all the money but when the dealer starts to collect the cards Joey notices something.) Wait! (He holds his hand next to the dealers hand.)
 Joey:Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!
 Joey:My identical hand twin!
 Joey:Whats it sound like? Its a guy with my identical hands! It was incredible! Chandler the dealers hands were exactly like me! It-it was like looking at my hands in a mirror!
 Joey:Don’t you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. Im gonna be a millionaire!
 Joey:Look I dont have it all worked out yet but its gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
 Joey:This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay how much would you pay to see this hand (Holds up his left hand) twice? Huh?
 Joey:Hey are you unsupporting me again?
 Joey:Pheebs!!
 Joey:I found my identical hand twin!
 Joey:(entering) Hey-hey-hey you made it!
 Joey:All right! Hey-hey!
 Joey:Whos your friend? Hes hot! (Ross laughs and Rachel smacks him with her purse.)
 Joey:No dont be sorry. I dont need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
 Joey:My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
 Joey:Okay. Well if thats how you feel about it fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
 Joey:(entering) Uhh hey. Wheres the other guy?
 Joey:Hes kinda tall dark hair hand looks exactly like this. (Holds up his hand.) See?
 Joey:Okay! (Walks away then turns back.) How you doin?
 Joey:Right! Okay. (Heads for the bathroom.)
 Joey:Oh-oh-oh yeah! (He grabs some towels and takes them to him.) Thats right you take good care of those babies!
 Joey:Its me Joey!
 Joey:(holds up his hand) Joey!
 Joey:Okay so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?!
 Joey:Look you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASAs gonna wanna talk to us!
 Joey:(stopping him) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Yknow we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! (Singing to the tune of This Land is Your Land) This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait thats your hand! No wait its my hand!
 Joey:(following him) But you havent even heard the chorus!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Look-look-look you guys I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
 Joey:Yeah! Im fine! Thanks! (He starts to leave but gets an idea and stops.) Hey Rach how you doin?
 Joey:Ross dont let her drink anymore! (Exits)
 Joey:(sitting down) Ahhh! (Slides his hands across the table.)
 Joey:No-no I dont really have any money. Not yet anyway… (Shakes his hands.)
 Joey:(throws down a small wad of money and as his hand twin starts to unfold it Joey once again brings attention to their special gift to the world. {Yknow looking at it now they really dont have that similar of hands. Joeys are bigger.}) Ooh-ho-ho! (The dealer stares at him and he stops.)
 Joey:Hit me! (He does so.)
 Joey:Uhh Ms. Phalange may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
 Joey:Wouldnt you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh entertainment venue?
 Joey:Me?! Oh come on man! You cant do this! Come on! (Being dragged out by the guard) Im your hand twin!!
 Joey:(entering with Phoebe) Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn’t that why you guys are here?
 Joey:Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?
 Joey:Mornin’ Pheebs. (Sits down.) Well my movie has officially been canceled.
 Joey:Nah I’m too depressed to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just fly home with you guys what time’s your flight?
 Joey:I don’t need that anymore.
 Joey:I don’t want to drive all the way back by myself I get so lonely. (Gets an idea.) Oh—ooh! How about you come with me?
 Joey:It’ll be great! We-we could talk and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
 Joey:Sure?
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Where is the waitress?! I’m starving!
 Joey:Oh here’s where I win all my money back! (Gets up and heads for the buffet table with Chandler in tow.)
 Joey:Sure! What’s up? (He grabs a plate and proceeds to load it with a huge pile of scrambled eggs. Chandler just stares at him and Joey reluctantly gives him a spoonful.)
 Joey:Oh my God! That’s huge! (Hugs him.) Wait a minute why come I wasn’t invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don’t say Ross. Do not say Ross.
 Joey:Oh! Tell her she’s not marriage material.
 Joey:Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me if she’s anything like me she’s just gonna be relieved.
 Joey:They let you get married when you’re drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!
 Joey:An annulment? Ross! I don’t think surgery’s the answer here.
 Joey:(wakes up) What?!
 Joey:All right. All right.
 Joey:Really? I don’t…
 Joey:(starts singing) I wanna rock and roll all night! (Falls asleep.)
 Joey:(to himself) Man this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! (He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.)
 Joey:Don’t you think I asked him that before he got in?!
 Joey:Ooh I’ll play! I’ll play!
 Joey:Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? (Starts singing.) Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
 Joey:Pheebs I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn’t deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So so so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
 Joey:Well thank you. So can we play 20 Questions now? I’ve got a really good one! I’ve been thinking about it since Kansas.
 Joey:Yes.
 Joey:That is incredible! You are the master!
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:I can fix it. Hold on. (He goes and gets a screwdriver from his apartment) Look out. Look out. (Pries at the door a little bit.)
 Joey:I’m not finished.
 Joey:(entering) Hey Monica!
 Joey:(To Chandler) Hey man you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)
 Joey:Oh my God! You’re pregnant!
 Joey:Wow! (Tearing up) Well uh… Hey! I’m really happy for you guys! Congratulations! (Kisses Monica on the cheek) See you later. (Starts for the door on the verge of tears as Monica stops him.)
 Joey:Yeah I gotta go! I got an acting job. (Turns towards the door pauses and turns back.) Like you’d believe that. This sucks!
 Joey:(To Monica) Okay! Look-look-look uh if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He’s a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh forgets to umm… Oh-oh he always he always umm—Oh who am I kidding! He’s the best roommate ever! (Hugs Chandler.)
 Joey:God it’s gonna so weird like when I come home and you’re not here. Y’know? No more Joey and Chan’s. No more J and C’s. You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler’s? Can’t its not there.
 Joey:Yeah but we won’t be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It’s like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie’s!!
 Joey:So Ross and Rachel got married Monica and Chandler almost got married do you think you and I should hook up?
 Joey:Really?! Well when?
 Joey:Wow.
 Joey:Great!
 Joey:Oh-oh what about Ross?
 Joey:(To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!
 Joey:Hey what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise is she cute?
 Joey:Hey Rach listen I was thinkin’ uh I’m gonna have an extra room over at my place…
 Joey:Yeah why don’t you move in with me? It’ll be great! We could stay up late watch movies and you know about Naked Thursday’s right?
 Joey:Hey! (To Chandler) Dude some guy just called for you.
 Joey:I don’t know! How about Thanks for taking the message. Jeez! (Exits.)
 Joey:Hey what’s up?
 Joey:But you’re still moving in together right? Because my ad came out today. (Shows him the paper.)
 Joey:Yeah? I just figured y’know after living with you it’d be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate y’know? Someone I can learn from someone-someone who’s different than me. And what’s more different than me; a guy who’s not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? (Points to his head.) Not just a hat rack my friend!
 Joey:(exiting from Chandler’s room with the new roommate) Everything on your application looks really good—Ohh! Just one last question umm are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
 Joey:Whoa!! Now look don’t be just blurtin’ stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
 Joey:Oh don’t listen to him he’s just some guy who really wants the apartment but I don’t think he’s gonna get it.
 Joey:That thing was a hazard! (To the potential roommate) I’m very safety conscious.
 Joey:Umm listen Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
 Joey:Yeah well maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in and before you know it you’re right where you don’t want to be! Back together!
 Joey:That’s not gonna work out! Then she’s gonna come home all weepy and you’ll be tellin’ her Oh that’s okay. You’ll find someone. And then bamn! She finds you!
 Joey:I am telling you Ross she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now is that what you want?
 Joey:Here she comes. Hold on I’m gonna make your life much easier.
 Joey:Or not. Uh Rach why don’t you just move in with me? (Rachel sighs.)
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no… It’s okay I mean I—look Rach I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday’s thing but we don’t have to do that!
 Joey:Thursday’s clearly not good for ya pick a day!
 Joey:(opening the door to The Potential Roommate) Hi!
 Joey:Come in. Thanks for comin’ back umm okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
 Joey:Okay now before I make my final decision I uh I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay so I made up a little test. Now I’m gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
 Joey:Okay! Here we go. Pillow.
 Joey:Very good! Okay. G.
 Joey:Excellent! Okay umm doggy.
 Joey:Ooh sorry! No-no-no so close though but—bye-bye! (He ushers her out the door.)
 Joey:I can’t believe she would say that too you.
 Joey:(interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
 Joey:Well I’ve just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn’t have naked chicks on it.
 Joey:Oh-ooh-ooh! Y’know what’s a good visual aide?
 Joey:Why not?!
 Joey:Hey! Any good mail?
 Joey:Ooh it’s probably a residual check hey can you open it for me I’m kinda….
 Joey:Hmm that’s weird. I don’t remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
 Joey:Let me see that!
 Joey:(reads it) Oh I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire y’know? And it wouldn’t matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
 Joey:All right well I guess I gotta go get a job. I’m gonna go see my agent.
 Joey:(mocks him in a whiney voice) …look both ways before you cross the street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey Estelle listen…
 Joey:What are you talkin’ about? I never left you! You’ve always been my agent!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Estelle you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:Bastard!
 Joey:(in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back in no time.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Nothing! Well I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before then I uh passed out and uh haven’t been able to stand up since. But um I don’t think it’s anything serious.
 Joey:No way! ‘Kay look if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.)
 Joey:Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
 Joey:Dude! Hernia operations cost like a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful that means it’s healing.
 Joey:Thank you but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don’t want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah I’m thinking I’ll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Look I’m telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here (He puts his hand down his pants like Al Bundy on Married…With Children always used to do.) it doesn’t hurt that bad.
 Joey:Sure now I’m scared.
 Joey:Yeah but I don’t wanna die!
 Joey:(in a gravely painful voice) Okay. Hey Timmy I’ve got a surprise for you.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure no problem I’ll just—hold on one second. (He turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.) (In a relaxed voice.) Hey Timmy I’ve got a surprise for you!
 Joey:So that’s why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today! (He turns looks at the bag and realizes he won’t be able to pick it up.)
 Joey:Exactly.
 Joey:Or I could just point to it! Huh? Blah blah blah Purina One point to a bag today. (She just looks at him.) I didn’t get it did I?
 Joey:Yeah okay. (Leaves)
 Joey:Hi. I’m Joey Tribbiani; I’m here to audition for (Groans) man.
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:(barely audible through the pain) Thank you.
 Joey:Yeah! And hey thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
 Joey:(to the director) Hiya!
 Joey:Hi Alex! (to the director) And uh as you can see my hands are not in my pants. (Holds them both up.)
 Joey:Take could care of your Momma son. (Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) Take could care of your Momma son. (Alex does nothing.) Come on son! Your Momma’s good people!
 Joey:Ah just one thing umm is it all right with you if I if I scream right up until you say action?
 Joey:Okay. (Starts screaming.)
 Joey:(he stops screaming at action) Take good care of your Momma son. (Again Alex does nothing.)
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big big swing. Now don’t hold back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey!
 Joey:Oh! Hey somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh to a Porsche! {Transcriber’s note Oh come on! Who would leave the keys to their Porsche behind? If I had a Porsche I’d have the keys surgically attached to my hand!} Hey Gunther these yours?
 Joey:Na-uh! (To everyone there) Hey did anybody lose their keys?
 Joey:There’s a lost and found? (Gunther sets the box up on the table.) My shoe! (Grabs it out of the box.)
 Joey:Well I didn’t realize until I got home. I wasn’t gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y’know what? I’m gonna go find that guy’s car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)
 Joey:Great! Thanks. (Exits.)
 Joey:Yeah it’s not mine.
 Joey:Yeah it’s (looks up and sees the woman) mine.
 Joey:Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh do you like leather seats?
 Joey:(checks in the window to make sure it has them) It’s got ‘em!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys!
 Joey:Hey babies! Oh I’m having the best morning. That uh that Porsche I’ve got the keys too still there!
 Joey:You should see the treatment I get when I’m with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
 Joey:The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his forehead with a baby wipe that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I figured if-if people keep seeing me just standing there they’re gonna start to think that I don’t own it. So I figured I’ll wash it. Right? Monica you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
 Joey:Yeah she tops out at 130.
 Joey:And that’s just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate.
 Joey:Sure!
 Joey:Okay take it easy.
 Joey:Really? Oh uh oh just give me five more minutes with it.
 Joey:Oh I-I uh found the keys and now I’m just polishing her up.
 Joey:Yeah but it’s my wax.
 Joey:Sure. Here. (He hands them over.) I’ll uh save your parking spot.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Yeah so did I.
 Joey:(entering wearing nothing but Porsche clothes) So the Porsche guy took his car back.
 Joey:No. No I just uh I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
 Joey:Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn’t have the car! Right?
 Joey:Oh I’ve been there. Yeah I am gonna go drive my Porsche. (Starts to leave.)
 Joey:Come on! What are you doing?! I’m in character! Would you talk to her! (Storms out.)
 Joey:Why isn’t that valet back with my Porsche?
 Joey:(to women passing him) Porsche.
 Joey:Hi! How are the Gellers?
 Joey:Hey! It’s Porsche!! (He’s right y’know.)
 Joey:Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!
 Joey:Hey! How you doin’?
 Joey:I’d love to show ya but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch lands on the car cover and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
 Joey:Right! And when is that due?
 Joey:And that’s every month?
 Joey:Ahhh.
 Joey:(looking at it) Oh my God!!
 Joey:No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity…anymore.
 Joey:No! Forget it! Okay—I mean thanks but I’m done taking money from you. All right I can take of myself. Now what’s next? Come on.
 Joey:This is how much we pay for electric?!!!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I don’t know Ross not if you’re gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
 Joey:(quietly) I’ve got Ben.
 Joey:Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.
 Joey:Oh that’s okay. Hey actually in a way it’s kinda nice. Me bringing the food of my ancestors you the food of yours!
 Joey:What are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
 Joey:Okay you’re on.
 Joey:(scores) Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That’s like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! (Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.) $500 that is a loooot of electricity! (By the way there’s nothing in the fridge.) Whoo-ho-ho! (Notices the sparseness of the fridge.) I gotta buy some food.
 Joey:You serious?
 Joey:Okay get ready to owe me!
 Joey:Okay here we go. Ready?
 Joey:This sucks man! The last night you’re here and I lose the two most important things in my life the foosball table and $500.
 Joey:Nah not my game.
 Joey:Well what’s it called?
 Joey:I don’t know how to play Cups.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:A two and a five.
 Joey:Really?!
 Joey:A four and a nine.
 Joey:No. Why?
 Joey:Damn! I am good at Cups!
 Joey:Well what did you have?
 Joey:Uh (counts the money) wow 700.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Ross and I were helping the girls pack took a little break I lost $1500 to him in Cups!
 Joey:The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card the D-Cup the Sittin’ Down Bonus! Meanwhile I didn’t even get half a cup! Nothin’!!
 Joey:And he never played before either! Y’know what I think? I think beginner’s luck very important in Cups.
 Joey:No no no more! I cannot lose another dime! I’m serious this time! In-in fact look there’s a—I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. (He rolls the big white dog over) Now I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a y’know thank you for being such a great roommate.
 Joey:It’s him not it!
 Joey:Wait a second I see what you’re trying to do here! You-you’re trying to give me money again!
 Joey:Over there! (Points to the couch) Before with the bills! You tried to give some charity I said No you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together we had some fun we gambled nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue you start with the charity thing again!
 Joey:I will be okay! Look Chandler you gotta get it out of your head that I can’t take care of myself. Okay? Look I’m not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I’m gonna miss…is you. And now the dog.
 Joey:Hey everybody! Uh Id like you to meet Janine. Shes-shes gonna be my new roommate!
 Joey:Yeah shes gonna live with me!
 Joey:I didnt know that! Well what a pretty last name!
 Joey:(shocked) From the land down under? I didnt know that either!
 Joey:Youre a dancer? She-shes a dancer!
 Joey:Oh hey let me. (Opens the door for Janine and after he closes the door behind her gasps ecstatically.)
 Joey:Of course I did.
 Joey:When can you move in?
 Joey:Ugh I cannot wait to ask her out!
 Joey:Oh God yeah.
 Joey:(happily) Okay!
 Joey:Oh Oh youre right! I dont want that. I cant date her!
 Joey:Well thats gonna be tough Mon. I mean its hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
 Joey:You a little sad about that sweetheart?
 Joey:(jumps out of the box) I Gotcha!!
 Joey:Boy it was so hard not to laugh I tell ya. Hey hey the place looks great!
 Joey:(raises his hand) I dont! No I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
 Joey:Yeah. Well so far yeah. But its tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I dont know how to get rid of it. (Gives Chandler the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
 Joey:(voice cracking) Ohhhh man
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no its-its uh you just uh uh reminded me that uh I need to do my stretches too. (Starts to stretch groans painfully)
 Joey:(jumps up and yells)
 Joey:Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didnt want you to touch me cause Im -Im all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. (Goes into the bathroom and comes back out quickly) Oh my God!
 Joey:(entering) Look what am I gonna do? Im not flirting but still Im drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! (Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they wont reach and looks around.) What the hells going on over here?!?!? (Points to Chandler) Monicas gonna kill you! Look I need your help I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute wait a minute you guys repel women all the time.
 Joey:No-no-no Ive seen it happen you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. Whats your secret?
 Joey:This is great this is great what else what else?
 Joey:Uh dont you mean for whom?
 Joey:Pizza heh its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
 Joey:All right All right lets just get this out in the open okay? Youre hot. Im lovable. Clearly theres a vibe going on between us. But were roommates and its a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
 Joey:No no no Im telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is what do we do?
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:Oh! I see what happened. Its because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me youd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
 Joey:Oh I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
 Joey:What?!?!
 Joey:Oh dear God!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Sure neighbor come on in.
 Joey:Uh no she’s at dance class.
 Joey:Yeah but hey look don’t go through her stuff. She gets really mad.(Chandler gives him a look and walks to the door of his old room.)
 Joey:(Looking around the room.) It is???
 Joey:No.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:(With Big Eyes.) All right you’re right. I’ll talk to her.
 Joey:I’m a man.
 Joey:(Grunting) Hmm. (Monica opens the front door and comes in.)
 Joey:Or maybe it’s because you’re hanging around here at 1130 on a Wednesday. (Everybody gets up.)
 Joey:Hey. Uh can I talk to you for a second? This uh kid in this picture. Do you uh know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
 Joey:Yeah that’s what I was afraid of.. Okay uhh…Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here but some of this new stuff. It’s…too girly.
 Joey:Like this. (pointing to the picture) Pictures of cute babies we don’t know. We..we can’t have that.
 Joey:Look I don’t know this baby. I don’t know if she’s a famous artist or not. You know and I don’t want to be a jerk but you’re changing too much around here.
 Joey:Yeah but it’s too much stuff. You know like you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
 Joey:I’m sure it’s a famous watering can okay. But come on…and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
 Joey:Ohh well that’s ok then. But okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It’s up here on some hook..and…smells different.
 Joey:Yeah well it feels different.
 Joey:Alright I can make my peace with the clean dry towels…Also what is with these chips you bought?
 Joey:(Voice cracking) Well that’s like summer in a bowl.
 Joey:Hey Chandler. Come on in. We’re knitting pot holders.
 Joey:So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
 Joey:Ohh I love birds. (Monica leaves. Chandler shuts the door.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Hey. Hey look I am still Joey okay. Flowers they’re just you know they’re nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.
 Joey:No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.
 Joey:It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it….Oh My God I’m a women!!!
 Joey:Hey uhh I need to talk to you.
 Joey:I’m sorry but we’ve got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I uh I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place okay? That’s just the way it has to be.
 Joey:Great…Great…and thanks for being so understanding. I mean I didn’t want to make a big deal out of this you know. (She starts to collect all the girlie stuff up.) You could uh put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean if you want to.
 Joey:And uhh maybe the watering can there.
 Joey:And a couple of these little tiny boxes.
 Joey:(Smiling) Okay.
 Joey:Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin’ up eh?
 Joey:Well maybe I love ya’.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah why? What’s up?
 Joey:Ye-ye we go to yours!
 Joey:How you got three women to marry you I’ll never know.
 Joey:Oh ooh the food smells great Mon!
 Joey:Yeah hey hey Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
 Joey:Well this has been great!
 Joey:Uh some of her friends yeah.
 Joey:(frustrated) Yes all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they’re gonna be be drinkin’ and dancin and we really wanna go!
 Joey:Yeah yeah and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
 Joey:Rach you’re killin’ us here will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
 Joey:Y-sure!
 Joey:I know and only one layer of jam?! What is up with that?
 Joey:(turning to Chandler in a scolding tone) Chandler!
 Joey:(sad) Oh man! Now she’s gonna start all over! We’re never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
 Joey:Just let her serve the beef-custard thing?
 Joey:(shrugging his shoulders to go along with it) Vomiting stories are funny...
 Joey:Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?
 Joey:(frustrated) Still not hot enough!
 Joey:(to Rachel) Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine’s friends are dancers?! And that they’re going to be drinking alot!?
 Joey:Well you’re whippin’ so slow! Can’t you do it any faster?
 Joey:Oh I am!
 Joey:Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
 Joey:Okay look I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.
 Joey:Look when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing they’re all gonna’ make fun of her do you want that?
 Joey:(scolding) Dude they’re not objects.
 Joey:Just kiddin’ I’ll talk to them you distract Rach.
 Joey:Oh and (Ross begins to open the door and Joey says some gibberish word to indicate to Ross that he’s not done yet. Ross closes the door again.) Okay and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it I learned something in acting class try uh rubbing your stomach (Rubs his stomach) or uh or saying “mmm” and uh oh oh! And smiling (Smiles while pretending to stir a bowl) okay?
 Joey:Rachel there you are! Come on let’s serve that dessert already!
 Joey:(happily) Really?
 Joey:I like it.
 Joey:What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
 Joey:(pounding the table) I wanna gooooooo!
 Joey:No it isn’t I ate that.
 Joey:Nope got it and I got yours (Pointing to Jack) too.
 Joey:Hey you guys.
 Joey:I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y’know everywhere I look she’s like… (He imitates her stretching)
 Joey:I like her so much!
 Joey:I know. And she’s so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
 Joey:Totally! I would love to spend New Year’s with you.
 Joey:Did she just ask me out on a date?
 Joey:Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We’re going to a New Year’s Eve party right? So at midnight I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back great! Y’know? But if she says ‘Dude what the hell are you doing?’ I can say ‘It wasn’t me it was New Years!’
 Joey:OK listen I’ve been on sets before so let me give you a little advice alright? It’s a show but we’re just dancing OK? It’s no big deal. The important thing to remember – stay cool.
 Joey:Ross! So when is it gonna air?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:What do you mean?
 Joey:Uh-huh.
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no we came together!
 Joey:No-no hey buddy please let me dance with that girl I really like her and I think I have a shot.
 Joey:Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. (The girl starts dancing really close to him so he picks her up twirls her round and puts her against a platform) Here we go. (He walks away to find Monica and Ross doing a really out of place dance) Looking good Gellers!
 Joey:Hey! Tall guy! Hey listen I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you’re dancing with.
 Joey:Yeah yeah okay. Uh look buddy I came with that girl and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown – I’m trying to win her over so I was wondering if..
 Joey:Oh come on man you can dance with my partner she’s real uh mellow!
 Joey:Well I was hoping after tonight that maybe I could you know…
 Joey:Alright alright hey y’know fair is fair (he pretends to wash his hands) if you’re right you’re right what can I say but hey oh no! (He throws water on the guy’s pants)
 Joey:Hey now you’re the one who wet his pants. (He throws another handful on him and runs out)
 Joey:Uh take a look at the guy’s pants! I mean I know you told us to show excitement but don’t you think he went a little overboard?
 Joey:Yeah take a hike wetpants!
 Joey:No! Year! Happy No Year!
 Joey:Home sweet home huh? Nice to uh get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year’s gonna go off. I guess there’s no reason for all that Y2K panic y’know? Anyway g’night!
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Oh yoii. What was that for?
 Joey:Really? In the moment I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
 Joey:But only in the moment. So do ya wanna kiss again?
 Joey:No.
 Joey:3 2
 Joey:Uh yeah okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Listen do you guys think I have a chance with Janine?
 Joey:Well all right then I guess I shouldn’t get to excited about the fact (excitedly) that I just kissed her!
 Joey:Oh we kissed it up real nice.
 Joey:I came over here to tell you guys.
 Joey:Okay. (They kiss.)
 Joey:Okay. (They kiss.)
 Joey:Okay I’m all right okay but hey could you just leave your lips? (She kisses him on the cheek and starts to leave.)
 Joey:Have you kissed her yet? It’s awesome! I could do it forever! Y’know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
 Joey:I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
 Joey:(indignant) I was tired!
 Joey:Hey! I made that for her!
 Joey:Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
 Joey:And Chandler I can’t believe I let you pay for this one. (They hug and he whispers in his ear.) Thanks man.
 Joey:Oh but hey look at least let us bring the wine.
 Joey:Nope-op! I insist! (He hugs Chandler again and whispers to him.) You get the wine right?
 Joey:See ya tomorrow!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:What-what’s wrong with Monica and Chandler?
 Joey:Blah?!
 Joey:Uh they’re like my best friends. Are you saying we can’t hang out with them? ‘Cause that would kinda be a problem.
 Joey:I guess.
 Joey:If you want I’ll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Thanks. Thanks but uh actually it’s just gonna be me again tonight.
 Joey:Oh she’s uh-uh really sick.
 Joey:Yeah she’s been in there all day (Points to her room) uh high fever a nose problem… Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
 Joey:‘Kay!
 Joey:No-no she really is sick!
 Joey:Uh y’know starve a fever go to a play for a cold.
 Joey:Well uh she didn’t want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I’m so sorry.
 Joey:Because she uh she-she thinks that you are blah and that you Monica are too loud.
 Joey:I know! I know! Come on please-please you guys don’t-don’t be mad. I’m sure she just she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y’know? And it was our first date! Plus she’s really sick!
 Joey:I know but don’t you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
 Joey:Come on you guys come on please-please just give her another chance huh? She’ll come around I promise.
 Joey:(shouting) I can hear you!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:So uh what are you guys doing?
 Joey:Look come on you guys you said you were gonna try! All right look I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
 Joey:Ha-ha very funny—Look! I don’t know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
 Joey:That’s right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
 Joey:You don’t think I know that!
 Joey:Well this-this-this was great. Didn’t everybody have a great time?
 Joey:Oh well then good night!
 Joey:See? Eh wasn’t that fun?
 Joey:All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! (To Chandler and Monica) You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine! (They start to leave.)
 Joey:All right uh we’ve got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can’t treat them that way.
 Joey:I know! I know! And I’m going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They… They’re like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time I-I… I don’t think we can be together. It just it just can’t work. It can’t. (Starts to break up) I’m very upset.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah. (He opens the door for her and she exits into the hallway.)
 Joey:Yeah uh what am I gonna do?
 Joey:Yeah! (They head downstairs.)
 Joey:How ya doin’?
 Joey:Pretty much yeah.
 Joey:Well when it’s not right you know it.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah. I’ll be all right.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:(laughing hysterically) You’re right! That did cheer me up!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there right?
 Joey:Let’s go watch it at your place.
 Joey:Chandler Chandler y’know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
 Joey:No that’s VH-1. I gotta tell you the music these kids listen to today . . . It’s like a lotta noise to me. I don’t know…
 Joey:I uh oh! Because uh I haven’t really paid the bill
 Joey:No Chandler. Look forget about it okay? Look I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh was she hot.
 Joey:I know! Yeah but look I can handle it. All right? Look I can listen to the radio huh? And Ross gave me this great book (holds up the Playboy magazine).
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:Not so much.
 Joey:You forget how many great songs Heart had.
 Joey:Oh you guys with this joke. I gotta say I know I cracked up but I’m not even sure I got it.
 Joey:Ah Gunther I can’t pay for this right now because I’m not working so I’ve had to cut down on some luxuries like uh payin’ for stuff.
 Joey:Uh I don’t know. Ya see it’s just see I was a regular on a soap opera y’know? And to go from that to this I just… Plus I’d have to wait on all my friends.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?
 Joey:(sheepishly) I finished my book. (Chandler and Monica slowly retreat back to bed.)
 Joey:Hey Ross listen you want anything to drink ‘cause I’m heading up there.
 Joey:Sure. (To Monica and Rachel) Coffee? ‘Cause I’m going up there.
 Joey:(to a table of strangers) You guys need anything ‘cause I’m heading up there.
 Joey:You got it.
 Joey:Just being friendly. (He gives Monica a ‘what’s wrong with you?’ look and proceeds to walk behind the counter.)
 Joey:Nah it’s okay. Right Gunther? (Winks at him as if they’re in on a secret together.)
 Joey:Okay but I don’t see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:It’s kind of embarrassing y’know. I mean I was an actor and now I’m a waiter. It’s supposed to go in the other direction.
 Joey:I mean the job’s easy and the money’s good you know? I guess I’m going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
 Joey:Okay I guess it doesn’t seem that weird.
 Joey:See now it’s weird again.
 Joey:Thanks Rach. Look you guys are just terrific. Y’know? Now how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It’s all about turnover.
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry Ross. I’ll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait I’ll toss in a free muffin.
 Joey:Hey Gunther. Can you uh can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
 Joey:Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man it’s a great part. Look check it out. I’m the lead guy’s best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. ‘I’m sorry that seat’s saved.’
 Joey:Okay maybe he’s not his best friend but …
 Joey:Oh man I could totally get that part. ‘I’m sorry that seat is taken.’
 Joey:No no I didn’t mean you. But you believed me huh?
 Joey:So you’d hire me right?
 Joey:Exactly! All right everybody listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
 Joey:Yeah it’s for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It’s a very important issue in this month’s Playboy. I’m sure you all read about it.
 Joey:Not good no. I didn’t get the part and I lost my job here so …
 Joey:Well I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So I went anyway and then he fired me.
 Joey:Yeah what are ya gonna do?
 Joey:That’s great. Thanks Rach.
 Joey:I’m not answering that.
 Joey:Okay Rach that muffin and espresso $4.50. Ross double latte $2.75. Chandler coffee and a scone $4.25. And Pheebs herbal tea $1.25. So all together that’s (pauses to figure the total) $12.75.
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Oh that’s on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:Well he’s not used to women being so forward with him; but uh I good check with him—He says it’s okay. (She hands him her card.) Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
 Joey:It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I’m getting more dates than ever!
 Joey:How about a scone on the house baby?
 Joey:Hey (in the Joey voice) how you doin’?
 Joey:(to a customer) Are you all finished here?
 Joey:Great! (Joey takes his cookie and finishes it.)
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Well if it’s free food how come you’re charging me for it?
 Joey:Well what if they came in third in a modeling contest?
 Joey:(to a woman who came in third in a modeling contest) Sorry! (He grabs her muffin away and returns it to the serving tray.)
 Joey:That’ll be $3.85.
 Joey:It’s just I can’t because my manager said I… (Gets an idea) (Starts singing) Happy birthday to you happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie…
 Joey:(still singing) …Amy! Happy birthday to you!
 Joey:Yeah not it here it isn’t.
 Joey:(singing) Happy birthday to you!
 Joey:What? No-no it’s her birthday!
 Joey:But it really…
 Joey:Damnit! (Storms off.)
 Joey:(overhearing them) Oh-ho and mine!
 Joey:(sees Rachel) Oh uh hey Rach. I uh I was just coming over here to uh… Oh wait I don’t have to lie to you you don’t live here anymore. Uh I’m eating their food. What are you doing?
 Joey:Whoa I didn’t know we could date your sister!
 Joey:I can’t believe Ross went out with Rachel’s sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
 Joey:Yeah you got 5 years left!
 Joey:You wanna make it 6?!
 Joey:(crying) You didn’t cry when Bambi’s mother died?
 Joey:Come on man there’s gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh uh oh what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
 Joey:Okay what if the puppy said Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me.
 Joey:No! It’s not okay! It’s not okay at all!! You’re dead inside!!
 Joey:(to the fan) So you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
 Joey:Oh you’re Phoebe’s fan!
 Joey:Movies?
 Joey:(laughs) I don’t think so.
 Joey:Hey Gunther don’t let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe’s a porn star!
 Joey:Uhhh yeah. Yeah. But uh I don’t think it’s the kind you’re gonna like.
 Joey:Sort of…
 Joey:(holds up the movie) Phoebe’s a porn star!
 Joey:Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
 Joey:All right well I’d better take that back.
 Joey:We can’t watch that! I mean that’s Phoebe!
 Joey:No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe’s our friend! Well I’m not gonna watch it!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(sitting at the kitchen table with his back to the TV) You sick bastards!
 Joey:Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh no not you too!
 Joey:Nice!
 Joey:That’s great but isn’t it gonna bother that people still think you’re a porn star?
 Joey:You do?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(To Ross) What is the matter with you?!
 Joey:Oh sorry I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. (To Rachel) Who-who’s Barry and Mindy?
 Joey:Ohh-oh wasn’t he cheating on you with her?
 Joey:(starts to imagine it) I can’t. I keep seeing it the good way.
 Joey:Hey imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! (Closes his eyes to do so.) Oh-hey there’s Carol again!
 Joey:So Monica still going out with Dr. Boring huh?
 Joey:(not impressed) Wow!!
 Joey:Oh dear God let me think. (Starts to sarcastically think about it.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Hey man look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh do you need me to give you some money?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:That’s an idea! (To Chandler) Hey if I hired an assistant would-would you take money from her?
 Joey:That’s great! That would be great! Let’s do that!
 Joey:Oh right great! Welcome aboard!
 Joey:All right! Now hey I need to use the bathroom. Since I don’t need any assistance in there take a break!
 Joey:(holding a plate of what looks like Rice Crispies Treats) I know here-here!! (Hands her the plate.)
 Joey:(shaking Rachel’s hand) Hi!
 Joey:Well it’s always nice to meet the fans.
 Joey:(turning and whispering to Monica) She’s not crazy is she?
 Joey:(To Rachel) So uh how you doin’?
 Joey:(entering) Hey there you are!
 Joey:All right here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right I got to go to work I’m delivering twins today but only one of them is mine! (Exits.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Is uh is she gonna be all right?
 Joey:Oh great. (Starts to go in.) (To Chandler) Hey! Go take off those pants they look ready!
 Joey:All right and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.
 Joey:Well that is a large piece of television equipment. (Points at a large piece of television equipment as an old man walks by.) And uh that is an old man! Hey old man!
 Joey:All righty what do you say we head back to my place?
 Joey:Why? (In Drake’s voice.) Why can’t the world stop turning just for a moment? Just for us?
 Joey:Uh yeah but uh (In Drake’s voice) I may have said those things before but I never truly meant them. Until now.
 Joey:Okay you watch too much TV.
 Joey:Thanks! (Looks at it.) Yeah there’s pulp in that. (Hands it back.)
 Joey:I thought we talked about this. I don’t like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn’t juice. All juice okay?
 Joey:Oh my God I’m sorry I’m being so rude. (Turns to Rachel.) Rachel would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
 Joey:(To Chandler) Iced tea.
 Joey:(To Rachel) Did I not just tell him?
 Joey:(To Chandler) Okay look Chandler if this (Motions back and forth indicating the arrangement.) you have got to listen! (Tugs on his ear.) (Chandler glares at him.) You’re gonna throw that juice at me aren’t ya?
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Hey Chandler look I know you’re mad but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh I just I hate pulp! Y’know? I mean y’know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
 Joey:Yeah o-o-o-o-okay anyway I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Here. (Hands him a cup.)
 Joey:Fresh squeezed orange juice with pulp! Just the way you like it.
 Joey:Oh my God! That’s great! Congratulations! What’s the story?!
 Joey:Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
 Joey:Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? ‘Cause I think I read it!
 Joey:I know. (Joey is sitting in this tall chair that is made up of balls on polls. You’ll have to see it to know what I mean.) Yeah his name is Pat.
 Joey:(climbing down from his chair) Do you uh do you—ready for a refill?
 Joey:Pretty cool huh? But if you’re thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn’t get sucked up into the mechanism well you’d be wrong.
 Joey:It’s uh right through there. (Points.)
 Joey:Yeah life’s pretty great isn’t it?
 Joey:Well with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
 Joey:Yeah you did.
 Joey:Here you go. Let me ask you a question.
 Joey:When was the last time someone told you just how beautiful you are?
 Joey:Come come here.
 Joey:(entering) Morning!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Well he actually saw you a little bit too.
 Joey:No! No! No not after seeing that.
 Joey:Wh-why?
 Joey:That’s ridiculous! I’m not a Star just a regular famous actor.
 Joey:Rachel would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me…
 Joey:Wow! Uh okay well uh… (He gets up opens a drawer and pulls out the ring.)
 Joey:Sure! As long as they don’t find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
 Joey:Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay you’ve had the chance to cheat and with me but you didn’t. And that’s what this ring stands for.
 Joey:Look do you want the ring or not?!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa! You’re not gonna use the pay phone to call work are ya?
 Joey:(not quite sure of how to answer that) Well uh look Ross I uh I think Carol’s great and I’m sure you’re a very attractive man but I….
 Joey:You?
 Joey:Wow!
 Joey:All right! So was it amazing?
 Joey:Just okay—Did you do it right?!
 Joey:Huh. But still Ross you’re worst day with two women pretty much better than any other day! Y’know what I mean?
 Joey:But you got to be with both of them right?
 Joey:Not the other one?
 Joey:Yeah you don’t want that.
 Joey:Well hey at least you got to see a lot of stuff right?
 Joey:You got a little bored?
 Joey:Yeah? What did ya have?
 Joey:Sounds good.
 Joey:(he’s just picked up their bill) Hey! So what’s with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?
 Joey:Y’know what’s more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y’know what’s even more generous than that?!!
 Joey:All right look I’m sorry you guys but it’s just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they’re really expensive y’know? I’m down to like three! Well actually two ‘cause one of ‘em I kinda blackened in some teeth—Why did I do that?! (Hits himself in the head.)
 Joey:Oh ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
 Joey:No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff remember? Let’s see uh well I don’t want to donate sperm again. (To Ross) I really prefer doing that at the home office y’know? (Ross nods his head.) Ooh-ooh maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something huh?
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Uhh do it?
 Joey:Well where was I? (Takes a sip of the coffee.)
 Joey:Takes it out of you? (Laughs.)
 Joey:Ohh hey! Why don’t you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
 Joey:And of course crotchless panties.
 Joey:You can’t make crotchless panties? You take you take a pair of scissors and you just cut…
 Joey:(to the receptionist) Hi uh I’m Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I’d like to donate some fluids.
 Joey:Oh that’s too bad. I’ve kinda been saving up. (She just looks at him in horror.) Uh are you sure there’s no studies I can participate in?
 Joey:Thanks. (Starts to read it.) Well but this one starts now. (Points to one.)
 Joey:But it’s $2000.
 Joey:Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.
 Joey:(in his head) 2000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me? (The camera widens its shot to reveal a room full of Joey look-a-likes. Joey looks at the guy next to him and then back at his script.)
 Joey:(entering) No! No! No! No! No! How you doin’?! How you doin’—Damnit Carl! Go wait in the hall! (Goes into the hall.)
 Joey:Look I got to apologize on the behalf of Carl.
 Joey:Oh did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
 Joey:Okay I know it sounds crazy but I think it might work. Y’know? The only problem is Carl’s acting is… (Does the international hand symbol for so-so.)
 Joey:Yeah he’s the reason I didn’t get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers but he messed it up.
 Joey:(to Carl) Pizza!! We like Pizza!! Get out!!! (Carl does so.)
 Joey:All right Carl we’re next. Now remember what is not gonna be?
 Joey:That’s right! And what are you not gonna do?
 Joey:(gets very angry) Damnit Carl! (Carl goes to say something more and Joey silences him with a grunt.)
 Joey:That’s us.
 Joey:That’s right $2000.
 Joey:Damnit Carl!
 Joey:Oh hey do you still have their final exams?
 Joey:Oh ‘cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom there’s your admirer. (Ross is stunned.)
 Joey:Oh well think of it like this when you’re 90…
 Joey:No that’s not what I was going to say at all. No what I was going to say is when you’re 90 you’ll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
 Joey:Hey Chandler! Y’know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
 Joey:Oh well listen anyway she’s directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!
 Joey:No-no-no please-please Chandler I-I-I would owe you so much!
 Joey:Hey-hey dude why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?
 Joey:All right! Thanks! You’re the best! Now listen the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
 Joey:(angrily) Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this the third day. All right? Monday one day. Tuesday two day. Wednesday when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:The part I want to audition for is a fireman this is so meant to be!
 Joey:(to the fireman) Hey buddy do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday?
 Joey:Oh how bad is it?
 Joey:Chandler is that… (Mimes someone using a movie camera and Chandler nods yes.)
 Joey:Hey-hey listen… (Chandler waves him away.)
 Joey:When you’re off the phone do you wanna get a pizza?
 Joey:Hey listen so when’s-when’s my audition? I mean I know it’s Thursday but what time?
 Joey:Ah-ha!
 Joey:Hey you wanna do Joey a favor maybe you go out with Joey. (He turns around to see Chandler glaring at him.)
 Joey:This right here is where I keep the pizza. (He points to the chair.) And uh that’s where the napkin is. (Points to the floor next to the chair.)
 Joey:I know! (Shrugs his shoulders.)
 Joey:This is where I keep the pizza. (It’s the same location as before.) And—Hey! Where did the napkin go?! (The napkin is not in it’s spot.)
 Joey:(in a funny voice) Yeah so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair straightener that started the fire. (Rachel prompts him on what to say next.) No-no it was the candles. It’s very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact one of the first things they teach you in fire school is… (Phoebe suddenly enters.) Uhh… Uhh… Okay. Well I have to go now. (Phoebe leaves.)
 Joey:Well Ross it seems pretty clear. I mean what’s more important? What people think or how you feel huh? Ross you gotta follow your heart.
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey! So how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
 Joey:You couldn’t do it?!
 Joey:Ah whatever!
 Joey:No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.
 Joey:Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!
 Joey:Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
 Joey:I know.
 Joey:All right don’t waste it I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
 Joey:Hey here you go. (Hands her another one.)
 Joey:Oh very funny. I don’t know if you remember but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. (Chandler doesn’t say anything until Joey figures it out.) You got me the audition?! Let’s hug it up! (They hug.)
 Joey:That’s right all the ladies want to stay at Joey’s.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So?
 Joey:Wh? Monday one day. Tuesday two day. Wednesday when huh what? Thurs—(He gasps in horror.) Oh! (Runs out and Chandler just shakes his head. After a second Joey runs back in to grab a piece of pizza and runs back out.)
 Joey:Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! (He grabs a screwdriver and starts to attack the compressor only he causes a small short circuit and shocks himself.) Ah-ah!! Damn fridge!
 Joey:Great! Roomie!
 Joey:Yeah! Well now that you brought it up our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
 Joey:Look Rach my parents bought this fridge just after I was born okay? Now I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya’?
 Joey:All right now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time I’ll take a check for the other hundred.
 Joey:Of course I’m jokin’! I don’t take checks.
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry. Thank you Chandler.
 Joey:Ooh! So close.
 Joey:Hey-hey come on you guys give him a break. Ross seriously how’s it going with her?
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts ice cream limes—Hey what was in that brown jar?
 Joey:Not anymore. So anyway how do you want to pay me?
 Joey:No! No! No! For my new fridge—our new fridge!
 Joey:So what? Look suppose we were a divorced couple.
 Joey:And I got custody of the kid right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.
 Joey:(pause) Give me $400!
 Joey:Or! You can just y’know… (He walks up close to whisper in Ross’s ear and when he gets there he pushes Ross into the fridge.)
 Joey:What? What the hell am I doing? You just broke my fridge!
 Joey:Oh-ho-ho you think I don’t know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! (He opens the door and feels inside.) Well what do you know! Broken! That’ll be $400!
 Joey:(pause) You pushed him!
 Joey:All right. Chandler do you remember how I told you about our fridge?
 Joey:I still haven’t gotten a check for your half yet.
 Joey:I’m not talking to you! You broke my fridge!
 Joey:(entering) Pheebs! There you are! Okay you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
 Joey:Really?!
 Joey:Call it even?
 Joey:Man she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
 Joey:Sure! I was there! Spring Break ’81! Woo-hoo!
 Joey:So what? I drove down sold T-shirts had a blast. And y’know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.
 Joey:Ahh to be 13 again.
 Joey:The reactor’s gonna blow in three seconds we’re never gonna make it!
 Joey:No! I won’t leave you!
 Joey:No you’re not! Not to me!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Yeah you’re great! Okay let’s take it from…
 Joey:Yeah I thought I was pretty good too.
 Joey:Y’know what? I think that’s enough for now. Yeah. I don’t want to be over rehearsed.
 Joey:Oh it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or Mac. Yeah I’m a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He’s a he’s a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or C.H.E.E.S.E.
 Joey:That’s the title! Yeah! Y’know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
 Joey:Well don’t get your hopes up because probably not gonna happen.
 Joey:I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don’t know if I’m good enough.
 Joey:You really think so?
 Joey: Yeah and oh shes really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras and smell-the-fart acting.
 Joey: Its like you got so many lines to learn so fast that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while youre thinkin of it you take this big pause where you look all intense you know like this. (Does this intense look where it looks like hes smelling a fart.)
 Joey:(theres a gunshot on TV) Theres my scene theres my scene. [Joey on tv] Mrs. Wallace Im Dr. Drake Ramoray your sisters neurosurgeon.  Im afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a... (Does the smell-the-fart look.)
 Joey:(on stage in an Austrian accent) Vell Eva veve done some excellent vork here and I vould have to say your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)
 Joey: I play Al Pacinos butt. All right? He goes into the shower and then- Im his butt.
 Joey: Cmon you guys. This is a real movie and Al Pacinos in it and thats big!
 Joey:Okay okay fine! Make jokes I dont care! This is a big break for me!
 Joey:All right well I’m outta here. Wish me luck.
 Joey:Yeah whatever. (Exits.)
 Joey:(entering dejectedly) Hey.
 Joey:Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn’t even be an actor!
 Joey:Yeah did I fool ya?
 Joey:Oh it went amazingly well!
 Joey:Yeah-yeah it’s down to me and two other guys.
 Joey:And I know both of them they’re really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who’s always getting chased by those big flowers…
 Joey:I’m just so nervous! Y’know? The callback isn’t until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
 Joey:There’s just so much pressure. I mean no offense but what you guys do is very different. I don’t know if you’d understand.
 Joey:I want this part so much! Y’know? If I don’t get this part I’m never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!—No I didn’t say that! That’s a lie.
 Joey:Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
 Joey:(on phone) Hello? (Listens) What are you talking about? The audition’s not ‘til 500! (Chandler suddenly remembers and looks at the unfinished message then tries to sneak over and finish it as Joey listens.) Well nobody told me! (Listens) Who’d you talk to? (Listens and turns around to see Chandler trying to finish the message.) Nevermind! (Hangs up.)
 Joey:The allergy guy got the part! Thanks!
 Joey:How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could’ve turned my whole career around!
 Joey:Hey you don’t even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
 Joey: And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
 Joey: What?!! That’s even worse!!
 Joey: I don’t know! But it’s the same!
 Joey: Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
 Joey:Name one!
 Joey:(getting out) Awww man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!
 Joey: Well this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!
 Joey: I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh man if I ever run into that guy again do you know what I’m gonna do?
 Joey:No way!  Ive been going to the guy for 12 years.
 Joey:Thats how they do pants!  Ross will you tell him? Isnt that how they measure pants?
 Joey:I said name one!
 Joey:Okay buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes Im wearing everything you own.
 Joey:Look at me! Im Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasnt going commando...
 Joey:Yeah. Whew its hot with all of this stuff on. I ah I better not do any I dont know lunges. (starts doing lunges)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:What message?
 Joey:What?! It’s 6 o’clock!
 Joey:I can’t believe this Chandler!
 Joey:Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!
 Joey:Oh well I’m uh…
 Joey:Oh wow! Okay man I’m sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.
 Joey:(shocked) That’s mean! You really had me going there!
 Joey:Yeah you’re right. Okay look listen let’s talk about what a huge star I’m gonna be!
 Joey:You hug me!
 Joey:Hey do we do this too much?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Come on C.H.E.E.S.E. I’m not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
 Joey:Wow! (Back to reading the scene.) Well then I’ll just have to carry you.
 Joey:Ross you don’t have to yell.
 Joey:Y’know what? I think that’s enough for today. Thanks for your help! (He grabs their scripts and heads for his room.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys!
 Joey:Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I’ve dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
 Joey:But I got to act with a robot Pheebs and-and I don’t know anything about technology! I can’t even use Chandler’s computer except to find porn! And-and that’s only ‘cause it’s right there when you turn it on!
 Joey:Wow! Huh? (Picks up the phone) Mac Macaveli Private Investigator!
 Joey:Okay. Hey uh when do I get to meet the robot?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh wow! He’s so lifelike! (Starts touching the guy’s cheeks) Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy’s ears.
 Joey:(slaps Wayne on his cheek) How do you do there Wayne? (Backs away.)
 Joey:Okay. Sorry about that…(Mimics that cheek thing he just did.) Uh so where’s C.H.E.E.S.E.?
 Joey:(laughs) This is like the temporary robot right?
 Joey:Well I-I just I just it was going to be like a really cool robot y’know? Like the terminator or uh when I first saw you.
 Joey:I’m sorry it just—I don’t know it doesn’t really look like it can do anything.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Pretty great! Except I did get a little attitude from the robot.
 Joey:Anyway it wasn’t the robot it was the guy who controls him. Yeah he doesn’t like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
 Joey:I may have to I hate to do it but I’m the star! Y’know? There’s a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. (His cell phone rings) Excuse me. (Answers it on phone) Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:Wow!
 Joey:I’m the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
 Joey:Apparently there’s like a million guys out there that can play Mac and there’s only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn’t know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
 Joey:Thanks but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.
 Joey:That’s not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I’m not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. (Starts to leave but stops and turns to Phoebe.) Well actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs. (Exits.)
 Joey:Morning! Hey how’s my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?! (Pats C.H.E.E.S.E. on the head.)
 Joey:Okay! (He yanks his hand away.) All right. Umm all right Wayne level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean I love-I love this little guy! (He grabs C.H.E.E.S.E.’s arm and pulls it off at the elbow.) Ah-ah!! (Wayne is shocked.) Okay that’s why you didn’t want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? (Hands Wayne the arm and he goes to fix it. Meanwhile Joey starts to berate himself.) Stupid! I can’t believe it! God! (A very beautiful woman walks by.) (To her) Hey how you doin’? (He and her go over to talk and Wayne looks on with envy.)
 Joey:I can’t believe I’m going to lose this job!
 Joey:Yeah! Help me get this mini-fridge past the security guard.
 Joey:Yeah? Well I don’t want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh Chandler Wayne. Wayne Chandler. (They shake hands.)
 Joey:(incredulous) Why should I help you?!
 Joey:(happily) What do you need?
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:What are you in love with her or something?
 Joey:Oh wow Wayne it’s not really something you can teach y’know? It’s pretty much something you’re born with if you—(Off Chandler’s look)—You-you can teach it! I’ll show you right how to do it.
 Joey:Well it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.
 Joey:You got it! And the rabbi’s beard 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Pauses as he waits for C.H.E.E.S.E.’s next line.) It’s your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Suddenly C.H.E.E.S.E. goes crazy and starts flinging it’s arms and advancing on Joey behind the desk.) Wayne! Wayne!!
 Joey:(nodding knowingly) Now you’re thinking you gotta sleep with him.
 Joey:Me too.
 Joey:Oh man! (Hits Chandler)
 Joey:Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
 Joey:I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up about something… Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he’s just laughing at me. Look at him that smug Belushi bastard I’ll…
 Joey:Hey! So I’m back.
 Joey:Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! (The dry cleaner doesn’t remember) Okay maybe this will jog your memory huh? (Holds his picture up in front of his face.) Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway I’m ready to go back up on the wall I’m the star of a new TV show.
 Joey:Oh well it’s not on TV yet.
 Joey:Okay fine I will bring you a tape huh? (Walks away)
 Joey:(entering) Hey! So did you watch the tape of my show?
 Joey:All right let’s get me back up there! (Holds out his picture.)
 Joey:What—But you saw the show!
 Joey:Dry cleaners?
 Joey:Okay! Okay look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!
 Joey:Okay well that may be true. But in-in okay Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that’s offensive to Russians.
 Joey:Oh you should it’s great.
 Joey:Uh yeah where-where’s the guy who decides who’s pictures go up on the wall?
 Joey:Oh you’re kidding me! All-all right well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I’m an actor; I’m kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
 Joey:Oh really? Well maybe you and I go out for drinks? (Pause) You’re the other one right? (She thinks about it for a second and nods yes.)
 Joey:I didn’t do that! Who would’ve done that?!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa I-I—Hey! I did not go out with your wife! (The same woman from before enters.) Okay? I went out with her! (Points at her.)
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey Gunther.
 Joey:Oh uh well I just came in for a cup of coffee to go.
 Joey:No! No I quit a long time ago. (Pause) Did I forget to you that one? I’m sorry.
 Joey:Great! (Takes his coffee and leaves.)
 Joey:Hey. (Heads straight for the fridge.)
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry. You wanna bite? (Holds his piece out for him.)
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh we’re supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
 Joey:Oh wow that’s a great idea! And I still have his credit card.
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho I got this one. Here you go. (Hands Gunther Chandler’s card.) Y’know I gotta tell ya sometimes I just—I don’t get Chandler. Y’know me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don’t get all upset.
 Joey:All the time!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-hey-hey! (Motions to Chandler What’s going on?) Hi Paul is it? (Paul nods yes and still hugging Joey.)
 Joey:Yes it’s in my… In…in my pocket. (Paul hasn’t dropped him yet.) (Chandler starts to reach for his front pocket.) My back pocket! My back pocket!
 Joey:Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.
 Joey:Come on! It’ll be fun! Me you and Ross and… Paul probably…
 Joey:No! He blew us off!
 Joey:I know!
 Joey:Can I tell you something? Me too.
 Joey:Ooooh! Freeze him out.
 Joey:I like it!
 Joey:From now on it’s gonna be Joey and Ross best friends. (They shake hands.) Okay! We’re gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.
 Joey:(To Ross) I think we gotta end the freeze out.
 Joey:Oh my God!!
 Joey:And-and-and-and-and-and and we’re gonna be friends again!
 Joey:Oh it’s water under the bridge forget it!
 Joey:I think I’m gonna cry!
 Joey:(holding an empty tissue box) Where’s all the tissues?! (Throws the box down in disgust.)
 Joey:Okay listen how are you gonna ask her?
 Joey:That sounds perfect!
 Joey:You’re gonna mess it up let me do it.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hey Rach!
 Joey:Where are you going?
 Joey:Hey y’know what? I’ll come too. I’m making money now; it’s about time I give something back.
 Joey:Okay. Have a benefit.
 Joey:That’s not what she said last night. (Ross glares at him.)
 Joey:It’s the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!
 Joey:(behind them) Oh!! Shrimp toast! (Walks right past the little group on his way for the shrimp toast.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I won! That was my guess!
 Joey:I guessed 20000!
 Joey:What?! I don’t have 20000!
 Joey:I didn’t know it was an auction!
 Joey:I figured take a guess help a charity free boat!
 Joey:I don’t know! Charity?
 Joey:Oh hi!
 Joey:Just out of curiosity how-how much is that boat worth?
 Joey:(To Rachel) Hey I was pretty close. (She just glares at him.) Uhh so bad news. Umm I can’t buy the boat I don’t have any money.
 Joey:So uh listen I think I’m gonna take off now. (Starts to get up.)
 Joey:Well what am I gonna do Rach?! I don’t have that kind of money!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Look I don’t know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y’know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
 Joey:Rach! Rachel! Okay the next highest bidder is at table one.
 Joey:(To Phoebe) Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four.
 Joey:Uhh excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table?
 Joey:Ahh yes. (Pushes Rachel in front of himself so that she could do the talking.)
 Joey:You-you have to pay that! It’s not just a guess.
 Joey:Are you kidding me?! She’s gonna this boat!
 Joey:Aw-awww!
 Joey:Oooooh…
 Joey:No way! It’s mine!!
 Joey:All that stuff you just said? I want that!
 Joey:Who cares?! I-I’ll make payments whatever it takes I want the Mr. Bowmont!!
 Joey:Oh my God you’re back!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:What?! Noooo… (Phoebe gasps.)
 Joey:We didn’t ruin it!
 Joey:Glove salesman!
 Joey:Hey being you is finally gonna pay off! (They give each other fives.)
 Joey:That guy’s still doing that?!
 Joey:Yeah! And also a little like a French guy. (They both squint at each other.) I never noticed that before.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(laughs) Yeah Big Brother.
 Joey:(all excited) The Mr. Bowmont’s here!!! (Jumps over the back off the couch and runs out into the street.)
 Joey:Hey uh have you guys scene Chandler?
 Joey:Hey Monica!
 Joey:This is for my boat pretty cool huh?
 Joey:Whoa-whoa what’s the matter?! Talk to the captain!
 Joey:Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
 Joey:Well you know Chandler.
 Joey:Maybe you changed?
 Joey:Maybe that’s the problem.
 Joey:Chandler is a complex fellow one who is unlikely to take a wife.
 Joey:I don’t know! (All excited) I haven’t totally decided how to talk on my boat yet.
 Joey:Monica face it Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
 Joey:There are?
 Joey:R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! (Monica nods yes.) And-and Chandler’s tellin’ ya how much he hates marriage?!
 Joey:Chandler loves marriage!!
 Joey:You got that from what I said?!
 Joey:Where the hell have you been?!
 Joey:Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah I’ve been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these (lifts a leg) damn boat shoes wouldn’t keep flying off!
 Joey:I know! They suck!!
 Joey:I know!
 Joey:Look Chandler I don’t think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Dude-dude-dude!
 Joey:Let me know about that coconut phone it might great for the boat.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Phoebe! We’re both (points at Ross and himself) your backup?!
 Joey:No we weren’t!
 Joey:Pick me!!
 Joey:This is crazy! Hey look I wanna switch to Rachel!
 Joey:Okay that’s fair.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Dude!
 Joey:She’s gone.
 Joey:She’s gone. She had a bag and she left.
 Joey:She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things and that and that she needed time to think.
 Joey:I-I did! I told her everything Chandler! But she wouldn’t believe me.
 Joey:To her parent’s I think and she said you shouldn’t call her. But if I were you I would.
 Joey:I am so sorry man.
 Joey:(yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:(grabbing the candy bar) Yeah I’ll take that.
 Joey:Yeah she’s been out there for twenty minutes I’m surprised you didn’t hear her on the way over.
 Joey:But I-I-I can’t stay too long I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I’m supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. (Everyone stops in their tracks upon hearing this.) What?
 Joey:You guys don’t think I look 19?
 Joey:(To Phoebe) Hey is uh the rest of my candy bar around here?
 Joey:I was afraid of that.
 Joey:‘Sup? ‘Sup dude?
 Joey:So you’re playing a little Playstation huh? That’s whack! Playstation is whack! ‘Sup with the whack Playstation ‘sup?! Huh? Come on am I 19 or what?!
 Joey:Come on man really how old?!
 Joey:Wow thanks! (He goes into his bedroom and closes the door.)
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:When? Today? Some not a lot.
 Joey:Don’t worry about that man that happens.
 Joey:Yeah! Once.
 Joey:I did it anyway.
 Joey:Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You guys kissed! Oh my—this is huge!
 Joey:Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica listen-listen listen listen would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
 Joey:You got it. Okay. Now I can pass for 19 right?!
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Seriously?
 Joey:(gasps) I’m 30!
 Joey:(realizes) Aww crap!
 Joey:Psss that is whack!
 Joey:Yeah! Well I think we’ll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like You look 19 and then they just take it away like-like No you don’t.
 Joey:Wouldn’t she?
 Joey:Would she? (He smells something and gasps as he realizes what it is.) You ate my candy bar!
 Joey:They break your heart don’t they?
 Joey:Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding well you sing at their wedding!
 Joey:What?! What’s wrong with my eyes.
 Joey:And that’ll get rid of my wisdom?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Who wants French toast?
 Joey:Good me too. (Tosses him the loaf.) Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.
 Joey:(sitting up from the couch) Hey Mon do you have another pillow? (Holds up one.) Y’know something a little snugglyer?
 Joey:Well the duck…
 Joey:Uh well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
 Joey:(sitting up again) Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh I’m gonna get cranky!
 Joey:Yes it is perfectly good and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
 Joey:All right I’m gonna go! (Gets up and heads for the door.)
 Joey:I don’t know! But he did not eat your face cream!
 Joey:Hey little buddy how are you feeling? (The duck does not get sick and Joey recoils in horror and heads for the couch.) What the hell is in that face cream? (He’s about to try out the couch but notices the bed in Rachel’s room. He walks into her room and feels the bed.) That’s so soft. (He pulls back the comforter.) Pillowcases! (He climbs in and groans in delight. Suddenly he feels something under him and pulls out a little beat up paperback book. He opens it and starts to read from it.) (In his head.) Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father the vicar…(Stops reading and thinks.) The vicar? (Continues reading) …wouldn’t be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his…(Out loud.) Whoa! (Reads on in silence.) Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book! (Continues to read.)
 Joey:Sweepin’. Why? Turn you on?
 Joey:Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?
 Joey:Where are you going? The vicar won’t be home for hours.
 Joey:Where do you think (pause) Zelda?
 Joey:Yeah I did!
 Joey:Okay look I’m sorry I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn’t have but you got porn!
 Joey:You got porn!
 Joey:Hey Rach.
 Joey:Hey Rach do you smell smoke?
 Joey:No-no-no I’m serious. You don’t smell it? Something’s on fire.
 Joey:Oh y’know what? It’s probably just your burnin’ loins.
 Joey:Dude what are you massaging an old man for?
 Joey:Gotcha.
 Joey:Hello Zelda.
 Joey:The vicar!
 Joey:Like a goalie right?
 Joey:All right I’m sorry. Rach I—Rach I’m sorry. Okay? I’m sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by taking you roughly in the barn. (Giggles.)
 Joey:Huh?
 Joey:(nervously backing away) I-I-I-I did? (He puts a stool in front of her.)
 Joey:This body? (He backs into the kitchen.)
 Joey:Hey-hey you’re startin’ to sound like the butcher’s wife there in-in chapter seven.
 Joey:I don’t want to I’m scared.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Eyes! No no. Your eyes! No. Chandler’s eyes!
 Joey:Feminine.
 Joey:(entering) Ahoy!
 Joey:Great! I’m finally getting into this sailing stuff.
 Joey:Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!
 Joey:Oh it’s great! It’s a great place to just kinda sit hang around drink a few beers eat some chips. (He says that as he sits hangs around drinks a beer and eats a chip.)
 Joey:You could?
 Joey:(drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
 Joey:What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there. (Points to the coast meanwhile there is coast behind him.)
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Come on Rach not again. I got it! Okay? Let’s start sailing and I want to go over there (Points) where that boatload of girls is! (Yelling to them) Yo-ho-ho!
 Joey:Uh boat rope.
 Joey:Uhh rub it?
 Joey:I’d say come again. No-no wait I-I-I know this one I know this one uh…
 Joey:And deaf!
 Joey:Yes.
 Joey:I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:I don’t want to talk about it. Y’know you could’ve at least saved me a whole cookie. (He grabs what’s left of the cookie and pops in his mouth.)
 Joey:(recoils in horror) Women are mean!!! (Storms out.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Oh uh I don’t know the boat way to say this but uh never!
 Joey:Because! You’re mean on the boat!
 Joey:Well lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
 Joey:Does a good teacher say Put down the beer pinhead!?
 Joey:Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
 Joey:Well it hit me anyway! And it would’ve hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
 Joey:You won’t boss me around anymore?
 Joey:And you’ll be nice?
 Joey:And you’ll be topless?
 Joey:Do you want me to learn?!
 Joey:Ohh yeah.
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:I don’t know why you just don’t say left.
 Joey:Huh?
 Joey:(hurrying over) Okay! Okay you’re yelling again! See that?
 Joey:Oh y’know what? Since I’m here I think I’m gonna have me a little beer on the port side. (Grabs and opens one.)
 Joey:Uh wow you just said a bunch of stuff I didn’t know there.
 Joey:Oh y’know when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
 Joey:All right that’s it! You’re yelling and I don’t see you taking your top off! I quit!
 Joey:Why not?!
 Joey:Greens? I’m a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
 Joey:Yes! Yes! You did and you’re still yelling at me!
 Joey:Well hey I did learn.
 Joey:Yeah! Come on.
 Joey:Yeah it’s okay. I know what a mainsail is. (Points to it. It’s the larger sail.) I know I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:Yeah yeah. Hey why don’t you give a pull on that rope? (Points.)
 Joey:Just pull on it.
 Joey:What else?
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:What you—don’t hold it like that! You’re lettin’ all the good stuff fall out.
 Joey:Careful! You’re wasting good pastrami! (Gasps.) Oh my God! I’m my dad!
 Joey:(laughing and turning off the TV) So what did you guys think?
 Joey:(on phone) Mom so what did you think? (He walks away allowing the gang a chance to figure out what they’re gonna say.)
 Joey:(hangs up the phone) Wow! Well my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? (Phoebe smiles walks up to him and presses her breasts against him.) It wasn’t that good.
 Joey:(entering from bathrooms excitedly) You guys! You guys! You’re not gonna believe what my agent just told me!
 Joey:Ooh sorry. Sorry. You finish go.
 Joey:I’m gonna be on two TV shows!
 Joey:Oh you weren’t finished?
 Joey:Uh Rach if you’re gonna start another story at least let me finish mine.
 Joey:(groans in disgust) Wow it’s really long.
 Joey:Well these really are the days of our lives.
 Joey:Well since you ask. They want me back on Days of Our Lives!
 Joey:I’ll be playing Drake Remoray’s twin brother Stryker!
 Joey:(jumps up) Well—I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
 Joey:Hey Terry!
 Joey:It’s been a while huh? Wow it’s funny these halls look smaller then they used to.
 Joey:So! Stryker Remoray huh? When do you want me to start?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:(looking between the pages and him) Audition? I thought you were gonna offer me the part.
 Joey:Well I was Dr. Drake Remoray Stryker’s twin brother. I mean who looks more me than me right?
 Joey:Y’know Terry I-I don’t really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series (Pause) with a robot.
 Joey:Well. I guess you think you’re pretty special huh? Sittin’ up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin’ stars jump through hoops for ya huh? Well y’know what? (Throws the script away) This is one star who’s hoop… This is a star that the hoop—this hoop—I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Was she happy you gave her the job?
 Joey:(on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh hey! Can you can you hang on a second? (To Phoebe and Rachel) It’s the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? (On phone) Hey funny you should call. I was just looking over next week’s script. (Listens) Canceled?! (Listens) Like they’re taking it off the air? (Listens) Ohh. (Listens) All right see you Monday. (Listens) We’re not even shootin’ them anymore?!! (Listens) All right bye! (Hangs up) They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
 Joey:Why would they do that?! It was a good show right?!
 Joey:How could this happen to me?! Yesterday I had two TV shows! Today I got nothin’!
 Joey:Uh well they might be a little mad at me over there.
 Joey:Well maybe I got a little upset and maybe I told them where they could go.
 Joey:Because they wanted me to audition!
 Joey:Hey! Terry.
 Joey:Wait! Terry! Wait—Look—Wait I-I… Look I’m really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I’m too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
 Joey:Wait! Terry! Please! Look I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please help me out for old times sake.
 Joey:(jumping up and removing the bandages) I’m back baby! Ha-ha-ha!
 Joey:Uhh well I’ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. (Removes his hand to reveal a huge sauce stain.) You got an extra one?
 Joey:Great. (He doesn’t like it.) You got anything that’s not Ralph Lauren?
 Joey:All right I guess this will be fine.
 Joey:Nothing why?
 Joey:Huh Rach I got to say it’s gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
 Joey:Really? ‘Cause I could kinda use the money.
 Joey:Yeah okay.
 Joey:Sure no problem. (Sees something.) Ooh—Hey donuts!
 Joey:Okay. (He grabs a jelly donut takes a bite and guess what he spills all over himself. He tries to clean it up and smears it all over the shirt.)
 Joey:See? That’s a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now pretend I have a camera. (Chandler immediately does The Face.) You’re changing it!
 Joey:All right all right all right all right you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
 Joey:Okay first—first of all you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down (Looks down) look down keep looking down; then I look up. (Looks up and smiles.) See? All right now you try. Look down (Chandler looks down) you’re looking down keep looking down…
 Joey:I had a donut. (Chandler nods.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah! That guy’s all right!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Hey well you can’t teach someone to be good with women. Y’know that’s why I never had any luck with Chandler.
 Joey:Hey! No-no-no-no you can’t take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
 Joey:(shocked) What?!
 Joey:I know Monica told me.
 Joey:I don’t know Rach.
 Joey:One! (Pause.) No ten! You said ten! You can’t take that back!
 Joey:I don’t know. You uh you got something for me?
 Joey:Ten. Okay. Now Tag there’s such a thing as to many women.
 Joey:Yeah for you!
 Joey:Yeah we look great together.
 Joey:Y’know we don’t have to imagine.
 Joey:We’ll just see.
 Joey:Yep. Hey what do you say we make it a double feature?
 Joey:Die Hard 2.
 Joey:Oh well we watch it a second time and its Die Hard 2!
 Joey:And?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Bitch.
 Joey:Well I don’t know!!
 Joey:Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right well uh I’d better go.
 Joey:Yeah. All right I’ll talk to you later.
 Joey:No! Never! Never! (Pause then Joey wants to shake Ross’s hand.) Bye.
 Joey:Hey! What’s going on?
 Joey:Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs remember? (Phoebe glares at him.)
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey-hey I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah we could have like uh like an audition and see how you’d handle maid of honor type situations.
 Joey:Like when I want a job I go to an audition and if I’m the best of the people they see they give me the part.
 Joey:Oh uh me and Ross can be the judges.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Uh hey look uh Ross look I think we need to talk about before.
 Joey:Yes we do! Now look that was the best nap I ever had!!
 Joey:Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!
 Joey:Okay! When?!
 Joey:Uh-huh!
 Joey:I want to do it again.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Fine! Do you want something to drink?
 Joey:Warm milk and Excedrin P.M. (Ross just leaves.)
 Joey:Okay all right this is how it’s going to work. We’re gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10 1 being the highest.
 Joey:Why is 10 the highest?
 Joey:(crying) I don’t want to marry Chandler!
 Joey:I’ve got cold feet.
 Joey:No one man for the rest of my life? I don’t know if I can do it! This means I’ll never get to sleep with Joey!
 Joey:(out of his Monica character) Very good! Drawing on your own experience I like that!
 Joey:Okay Phoebe…
 Joey:We’re now in the ceremony Monica is about to say I do when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
 Joey:Yes! Excellent! Perfect score!
 Joey:Wow. (To Ross) Good speech.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:And she’s back in the game.
 Joey:All right well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well except for Rachel—Damnit!
 Joey:Boy I tell ya that judging stuff took a lot out of me.
 Joey:Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch. (Raises his eyebrows questioning Ross to see if he wants to join him.)
 Joey:No reason I’m just saying that uh… That’s where I’ll be.
 Joey:Great nap.
 Joey:(reacting first by jumping up) Dude! What the hell are you doing?! God! (Heads for his room leaving Ross.)
 Joey:Morning!
 Joey:Pretty good.
 Joey:Okay really good. Anyway I gotta go; I’m late for work.
 Joey:Yeah—Hey don’t worry she’s a terrific girl. And hey listen could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I’m not looking for a serious relationship; that’d be great.
 Joey:Just casually slip it in y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn’t want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
 Joey:Hey I’m gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on Chandler used to do it! He’d even make the girl pancakes! Plus he’d make extras and leave ‘em for me.
 Joey:Fine! (Pause) Now where’d we land on those pancakes? (She chases him out the door as his date emerges from the bathroom.)
 Joey:Hey! What’s up?
 Joey:Hey-hey who’s your friend? (Erin turns around to face Joey startling him) Hey!!
 Joey:Erin! Still here!
 Joey:Why wouldn’t ya? Erin is great! Then-then there’s you guys.
 Joey:Yeah. I’ll uh I’ll call ya.
 Joey:(to Erin) Okay good to see you again.
 Joey:Bye-bye.
 Joey:So system kinda broke down huh?!
 Joey:What?!!
 Joey:No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
 Joey:Man do you know what guys want!
 Joey:My beers?! Look you guys she’s a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time but I just—I don’t see it going anywhere.
 Joey:Look I’m sorry you guys I-I just don’t think so.
 Joey:Hey don’t start judging me! (To Rachel) Huh? You’re the one who’s in love with her assistant! (To Phoebe) Huh? And you you’re the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
 Joey:Now hold on a second fifth floor against that back wall?
 Joey:All right so we should go catch our movie.
 Joey:I like to see the previews. (Rachel looks at him.) The candy.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Erin.
 Joey:(skeptical) What party?
 Joey:Who’s birthday party?
 Joey:(still skeptical) Oh and how is Allison?
 Joey:(still skeptical) Yeah look how that worked out.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Oh unbelievable! We had the best time!
 Joey:No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y’know? That was so awkward we were really nervous.
 Joey:Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches sports although she is a Met fan not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids well that’s a…
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!
 Joey:What about Game 1 of the Series?
 Joey:You shut up! (To Phoebe and Rachel) I love arguing with her. (To Erin) I’ll be right back.
 Joey:(returning) Hey! You wanna go?
 Joey:Okay. See you guys later.
 Joey:(whispers to Phoebe and Rachel) Hey thank you so much. (They both exit.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place split a milkshake 70/30 but still… And guess what I’m thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no! It’s a surprise but it’s gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
 Joey:Where are you gettin’ this?
 Joey:Oh. Oh.
 Joey:No hey Rach it’s cool okay? Y’know I’m a loner too! (Heads for his room.) Right?
 Joey:No! No. Don’t do that just next time make sure she really likes me.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:(coming back out) Finally!
 Joey:Say hello to the new champ of Chandlers dumb states game.
 Joey:Fifty-six!
 Joey:Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team!
 Joey:46. Wow! Whos well educated now Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?
 Joey:(gets up) All right. Dont look at my list Ross cause theres a lot on there that you dont have.
 Joey:But the drawer full of take-out menus is okay right?
 Joey:Dont worry Chandler its not a globe of the United States.
 Joey:What the hell is in there?
 Joey:Yeah that dog left!
 Joey:(interrupting him) Dont do it!
 Joey:Told ya. (Waves bye-bye.)
 Joey:Look Chandler I told you never tell anyone about this dog thing. Its like Ross not likin’ ice cream.
 Joey:Half hour. (Rachel turns to look at him and he nods yes.)
 Joey:All right Rach the big question is does he like you? All right? Because if he doesnt like you this is all a moo-point.
 Joey:Yeah its like a cows opinion. It just doesnt matter. Its moo.
 Joey:Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty no one cares whats inside.
 Joey:(through the window) All right he likes you back! Huh? Told ya you should go for it!
 Joey:(realizes what he said) Street noise drowned any of that out? (Rachel moves madly towards him) No all right I see you later okay... (Turns away embarrassed)
 Joey:(entering) Okay Im in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! (Sees that Chandler has a worried look on his face) Whats the matter?
 Joey:So? Bring the dog back youre a hero.
 Joey:Chandler its like a big gerbil.
 Joey:Ross you need some help?
 Joey:(sits down next to Ross) First of all Utah? Dude you cant just make stuff up!
 Joey:Hey! Tags still talking to the police.
 Joey:If you said it like that you probably did yeah.
 Joey:Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross to bring the dog back here!
 Joey:You think?
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:I do. There’s uh let’s see Guy With a Mustache Smokes-A-Lot Lady Some Kids I’ve Seen and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Uh well yeah that was the plan but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
 Joey:Hey Mon you might wanna make some more lasagna too because something might’ve happened to a huge chunk of it.
 Joey:Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
 Joey:(about to cry) Those two only had each other!
 Joey:Yeah I saw her this morning walkin’ it by the park.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs?
 Joey:Hey Rach?
 Joey:That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this? (He shows her what he’s been drawing.)
 Joey:Boy I tell ya this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
 Joey:(watching the discussion) Hey Chandler do we know that lady?
 Joey:Yeah lady! Give us candy!!
 Joey:What’s up buddy?
 Joey:Waiting for candy.
 Joey:(stepping in and knocking the man over) Hey if we know it can we have candy?!!
 Joey:That’s right it’s all ruined! You guys ruined everything! You ruined it! (Steps into the apartment and Chandler closes the door.) (Joey struts over to the candy and starts eating it.)
 Joey:(with his mouth full) Oh yeah sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever I don’t know… (Grabs the note.)
 Joey:Hey. (He exits)
 Joey:Hey! Great you’re home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas! (Starts drumming.)
 Joey:(yelling) No! Drums!
 Joey:Hey-hey Pheebs check it out we already learned a song. (To Rachel) Ready? One two three four...
 Joey:Thank you. (He gets up and puts on his jacket.) (Phoebe enters) Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:Here. (Gives her the coins) Now I only owe you $49.50.
 Joey:What is Rock n Roll about that?
 Joey:Oh wait before you tell me what it is! (He plays a drum-roll) Okay what is it?
 Joey:Is it on me? I feel I feel like its on me! I got hey! (He storms into his room)
 Joey:(entering wearing a Superman costume) Merry Christmas!
 Joey:(yelling from the bedroom) Is it back in the cage?
 Joey:Cage closed?
 Joey:Hey. (He exits)
 Joey:Hey! Great you’re home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas! (Starts drumming.)
 Joey:(yelling) No! Drums!
 Joey:Hey-hey Pheebs check it out we already learned a song. (To Rachel) Ready? One two three four...
 Joey:Thank you. (He gets up and puts on his jacket.) (Phoebe enters) Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:Here. (Gives her the coins) Now I only owe you $49.50.
 Joey:What is Rock n Roll about that?
 Joey:Oh wait before you tell me what it is! (He plays a drum-roll) Okay what is it?
 Joey:Is it on me? I feel I feel like its on me! I got hey! (He storms into his room)
 Joey:(entering wearing a Superman costume) Merry Christmas!
 Joey:(yelling from the bedroom) Is it back in the cage?
 Joey:Cage closed?
 Joey:(looking through his binoculars at a nearby building) Y’know what else makes you wonder?
 Joey:Check out the rack on this chick! (Turns around to point it out to Ross and finds that Ross is glaring at him. So he quickly puts his binoculars to his eyes and starts looking for the comet.)
 Joey:Then why are you wearing Monica’s jacket?
 Joey:(whispering) Ross!
 Joey:Come here check this out!
 Joey:No! No-no. Look there’s a bug stuck in tar right here. (Bends down to get a closer look.)
 Joey:(standing up) Y’know there’s two women dude.
 Joey:Right-right up here. (Starts looking at them through a piece of pipe.)
 Joey:(annoyed) I don’t know! (Goes back to looking through the pipe.) (Pause) Yeah I do.
 Joey:What?! All right—Hey! Don’t look at me! You’re the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
 Joey:(covering his ears and yelling) Oh no! No! No! (He starts banging on the door.)
 Joey:Come on!
 Joey:All right well y’know…I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
 Joey:Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape. (Points it out.)
 Joey:All right it won’t go down any further. It’s stuck.
 Joey:Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
 Joey:What if I smack my head on the concrete?
 Joey:(looks at the ground and at Ross) I don’t know Ross! I-I tell you what let’s flip to see who does it okay? You-you call it in the air all right?
 Joey:No.
 Joey:What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I’m not jumping! Okay look I have an audition tomorrow and I can’t go if I break my leg.
 Joey:Well all right so it looks like we’re even!
 Joey:Man I’m starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! Do you want soup or salad? Both! Always order both!
 Joey:Yeah? Really? No one’s home?
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:All right! Just hurry up!
 Joey:I think face to face.
 Joey:Face to face yeah!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:(grunting) Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!
 Joey:Y’know when we talked about face to face I don’t think we thought it all the way through.
 Joey:Well just shimmy down me and drop!
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:(angrily) Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while!
 Joey:It’s not that far! Just drop!
 Joey:Ross you should know that my pants are startin’ to come down and I’m not wearing any underwear!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:(laughs) Why would you want to do that?
 Joey:Rach there is a decent place to…
 Joey:No. No. No.
 Joey:No. Rosita does not move.
 Joey:As in Rosita does not move.
 Joey:The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it’s at the perfect angle so you don’t get any glare coming of off Stevie.
 Joey:(glaring at her) Is there a problem?
 Joey:I told you not to move it! Rach how would you feel if say I wanted to move you mom and you said don’t and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
 Joey:(slowly turning and glaring at her) She’s not even cold yet!
 Joey:That’s true.
 Joey:Yeah I… (Shuts off the TV.) I don’t want Stevie to see her like this.
 Joey:No I won’t.
 Joey:Because I know what I like and what I don’t like! It’s not the same thing!
 Joey:I don’t know why you say that so soon.
 Joey:Francette? What is she? A couch?
 Joey:Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
 Joey:Well I guess you’re right. Maybe maybe I’ll take her down to the incinerator. It’s gonna be so said and kinda cool. (He goes to remove the back but it doesn’t come off. So he sits down in it puts his feet up stands up and looks back at it.) She’s heeled!
 Joey:No it’s not weird it’s a miracle!
 Joey:Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure wondrous things can happen!
 Joey:(interrupting her) Can you tell me how this happened?
 Joey:Miracle!
 Joey:Someone like an…angel?
 Joey:(angrily) Get your non-believer ass outta my chair! (She gets up and heads for her room.)
 Joey:Yeah me too. (He flips up his armrest in disgust.)
 Joey:Fine.
 Joey:No. Really?
 Joey:(quietly) My chair heels itself.
 Joey:Well it looks like it wasn’t heeled after all! Yeah! So I guess this chair is mine now! (Sits down in it and groans.)
 Joey:Your chair?!
 Joey:So there was no miracle?!
 Joey:(sarcastic) Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I’m so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
 Joey:How do you figure?
 Joey:That’s right!
 Joey:Yeah! We are!
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:Ahhh…… (To Rachel) Eh?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:They do!
 Joey:Come on Rach! Look turning thirty is not that big a deal.
 Joey:(screaming) Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!! (He buries his head in Phoebe’s lap for comfort.)
 Joey:(screaming) And now Chandler! We’re all gettin’ so old! (Looking up) Why are you doing this to us?! (Turns away crying.)
 Joey:Yeah you’re roommate is a soap opera star.
 Joey:Hey what’s the horsepower on this thing?
 Joey:But it hurt’s my Joey’s Apple.
 Joey:Well actually…
 Joey:Dude you soooo need this car.
 Joey:Yep. (Starts for Monica’s room but Chandler stops him.)
 Joey:Now that you’re a couple we don’t get two presents from you guys?
 Joey:Will you quit hoggin’ it!
 Joey:(to the waiter) Hey! Are those crab cakes? (The waiter nods) Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
 Joey:Yeah!!
 Joey:Oh I don’t know Pheebs. It’ll be okay.
 Joey:That’s not gonna happen. No. (Looks up) Because we have a new deal!
 Joey:Like what?
 Joey:Hey y’know what you guys? I think I’m gonna go walk her home. (Gets up and runs out.)
 Joey:Pheebs! Wait up! (She stops.) Listen uh close your eyes. (She does so and Joey passionately kisses her.) Maybe that’s one thing you can cross off your list.
 Joey:Oh and plus I’m 1/16th Portuguese.
 Joey:Oh come on Rach! My turn just started!
 Joey:Oh. Okay. Hey can I ride this outside?
 Joey:Okay! (Runs off downstairs.)
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:(entering limping and holding his arm) I don’t like this anymore. (He sits down with them in pain.)
 Joey:(crying) Why God?! Why are you doing this to us?! (He buries his head in Ross’s shoulder.)
 Joey:All-all right! (They run and jump in the car.) Start it up! Let’s go!
 Joey:No.
 Joey:(entering excited) Hey!
 Joey:So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today and…
 Joey:Days Of Our Lives. Anyway you’re not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
 Joey:And-and-and not only that I’m gettin’ a new brain!!
 Joey:Oh well they’re killing off one of the characters on the show and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
 Joey:(seriously) Yes it’s a highly controversial procedure.
 Joey:Well I think it’s ridiculous that you haven’t had sex in three and a half months.
 Joey:Uh Cecilia Monroe she plays Jessica Lockhart.
 Joey:Nice.
 Joey:Oh tell me about it. And she’s been on the show forever it’s gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
 Joey:Yes but in Drake Remoray’s body. (Ross laughs unbelievably.) Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
 Joey:That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
 Joey:Oh anyway I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are.
 Joey:Say what?
 Joey:No. No I’m Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I’m the guy in the coma!
 Joey:An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I’m getting your brain when you leave the show I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me…
 Joey:(quickly) I don’t know. Why? Did you hear something?
 Joey:Oh uh one of the writers.
 Joey:Umm…
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Ms. Monroe… (She slaps him) Oh there you go. (She storms off leaving Joey standing next to Dina. They share a nod at the ferocity of the slap they just received.)
 Joey:So you like the nachos uh? Myself I’m partial to…
 Joey:See you in 2003. (She walks away.)
 Joey:I’m so sorry. Look if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
 Joey:No I mean it! I can’t believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
 Joey:Joey.
 Joey:Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye—l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I that I came up to you before was because well I’m really nervous about-about being you. Y’know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y’know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
 Joey:Oh that’s great! Oh thank you so much!
 Joey:Hey! Now I’ve been watching some tapes how’s this? (In a British accent.) Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(shocked) I can do an English accent?! That baby’s going on my resume!
 Joey:Okay! (He scurries out the set door and re-enters extremely impressed) All right!
 Joey:Okay. Okay. (He goes out and comes back in glaring at everything.)
 Joey:Oh well—Hey-hey! Maybe maybe uh maybe this is a good thing. Y’know? It’ll-it’ll give you a chance to shake things up play different characters. You’re so talented.
 Joey:Hey that’s not true! Look at uh look at Angela Lansb—Angelina Jolie!
 Joey:Like-like what?
 Joey:(impressed) Wow!
 Joey:Oh hey come on don’t-don’t-don’t do this! Umm look let-let me tell you something okay? Now when I watch you do a scene I’m thinking Boy she-she is a great actress! (She’s not buying it.) Uh but-but I am also thinking She is hot!
 Joey:You own the room. (She smiles and stares longingly into his eyes.) We should probably get-get uh…
 Joey:Yeah-yeah I noticed that! Is that ‘cause she’s so passionate?
 Joey:Yeah! Okay. (He puts his hands on her face and they kiss.)
 Joey:Actually I rent the whole place and I just got what you meant. Thank you.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:That uh that is my roommate Rachel.
 Joey:(shrugs) Sure. Yep.
 Joey:Okay bye-bye.
 Joey:All right here we go. (He grabs them and starts to pull them out of the apartment.)
 Joey:Thanks for stopping by. See ya! (Throws them out and closes the door.) (To Cecilia) I-I am so sorry. I…
 Joey:(notices something in the mail that Rachel brought in) Oh my God!
 Joey:They sent me today’s script! They never send the script!
 Joey:Well no I’m just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! (Realizes what that means.) Oh…
 Joey:(flipping to the last page) Ew you get thrown from a horse into an electric fence.
 Joey:Yeah well I’m guessing after this she’s not going to be crazy about electricity either.
 Joey:(as Jessica) I don’t think so.
 Joey:Oh noo…
 Joey:Thanks!
 Joey:Great! Hey! All right! Well-well what is it?!
 Joey:The airport?
 Joey:Ohh. Wow! Well how-how how will you be gone?
 Joey:That’s a really long time.
 Joey:Well I tell ya I should probably buy a place in the city first. (Realizes.) And I just got what you meant again—That is—I tell ya that is a tricky one!
 Joey:Good luck.
 Joey:I call it!!
 Joey:Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
 Joey:So did you uh find anyone to marry you guys yet?
 Joey:Well then let me do it!
 Joey:No-no-no! Look I’ve been thinking about it. I’m an actor right? So I won’t get nervous talking in front of people.
 Joey:No-no-no-no look no! I won’t spit and I won’t stare at Monica’s breasts! Y’know? Everyone knows I’m an ass man!
 Joey:Yeah and the most important thing is that it won’t be some like stranger up there who barely knows you. It’ll be me! And I swear I’ll do a really good job. Plus y’know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
 Joey:So I can do it?
 Joey:All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay I gotta get started on my speech! Oh wait a minute Internet ministers can still have sex right?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh! My head! Oh! (He’s sitting on the chair lies back and puts his feet up for Monica to rub.) Oh!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani! (Holds up the piece of paper bearing the proof of his ordination.)
 Joey:Yeah I just got off the Internet! Man there is a lot of porn out there!
 Joey:Anyway I started working on what I’m going to say for the ceremony do you wanna hear it?
 Joey:Now-now listen this is just a first draft so… (Starts to read the piece of paper he brought.) We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share. (Monica and Chandler like it so far.) Eh? (He continues reading.) It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving. (Phoebe nods her approval.) We too can share and love and have and receive.
 Joey:Okay you guys I got a little more written. Are you ready?
 Joey:(reading) When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and… And then I can’t think of a good word for right here. (He points to the stop on the paper where he left off.)
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:Ooh like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
 Joey:Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay maybe I’ll talk about London! Y’know when you two hooked up! Only only I won’t say hooked up. I’ll say Began their beautiful journey…
 Joey:…by doin’ it.
 Joey:Okay. All right. Umm so uh so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y’know you’re in the bathtub together and she’s feeding you strawberries?
 Joey:Yeah!! I call that London style.
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah baby!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah baby!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh dude I’m so sorry!
 Joey:Hey no-no-no-no! It’s cool! It’s cool! I-I’ll only be a second I’m still with my bride’s maid I just—Where are those condoms you brought?
 Joey:Ah. (Joey walks to Chandler’s bag by getting as far away from Chandler’s bed as possible.)
 Joey:(pause) For just you?
 Joey:Hey listen why don’t you come downstairs with me? There’s some really nice girls down there.
 Joey:All right here you go buddy. (He tosses him one.) Go nuts. (Exits.)
 Joey:That’s what that was?! ‘Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something but it did nothing for me.
 Joey:Oh… (To Chandler) Can you imagine if I hadn’t left you that last one? You two might’ve never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It’s like it was in the stars!
 Joey:Yeah baby! (Chandler glares at him.) No baby!
 Joey:And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv—(Shuts up on Monica’s glare.)
 Joey:Hey! (Monica turns and looks at him) Now I’m a man of the cloth but I still have feelings!
 Joey:What?! That’s not fair! It’s not my fault! I was off with my bride’s maid! And who’s to say I would’ve even said yes?! (To Monica) I mean I would’ve said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this all right? Look everything worked out okay!
 Joey:This is crazy.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Chandler come on nothing even happened!
 Joey:No-hey-no! If you don’t want me to do it I except that. I don’t care about that. I just…I don’t want you to be upset.
 Joey:Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler she wants you for the rest of her life! You’re so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did ‘cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y’know we look at you and-and we see you together and it just…it-it fits. Y’know? And you just know it’s gonna last forever.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Really? I can do it?
 Joey:Hey! (They hug.)
 Joey:Well I don’t know remember exactly but it’s-it’s pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So are guys doing okay?
 Joey:Ho-ho-ho (pausing for a rest next to the fridge) fried stuff with cheese!
 Joey:Here you go.
 Joey:Good for you!
 Joey:Food? Uh-huh gimme! (She hands him the paper.)
 Joey:This is impossible Monica why don’t you just pick all 15? (Hands back the paper.)
 Joey:Oh yeah I added three.
 Joey:Oh yeah… (He mimes sticking his fingers into a jar of peanut butter scooping some out and eating it off his fingers.)
 Joey:(checking her out) Hi! You uh movin’ in or movin’ out?
 Joey:Oh uh can I give you a hand?
 Joey:Boyfriend?
 Joey:I’m Joey. (They shake hands.)
 Joey:Oh wow what a beautiful name! (Pause) What is it again?
 Joey:Got it! (He picks up a lamp.) So…
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. (Points.) Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop (Points to hers) or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
 Joey:Okay. Yeah. Listen would you uh would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Sounds great! Okay all right well where does this go? (The lamp he’s holding.)
 Joey:Okay. Yeah. (She leaves and he goes to pick up a box marked books but decides to take the box marked pillows instead.) Yeah I’ll grab this one. (He follows her upstairs.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey Chandler!
 Joey:Listen sorry I didn’t stop by last night but I had a date.
 Joey:Well check it out I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Two days ago.
 Joey:Oh yeah?
 Joey:Well I sorta am. I mean yeah I’m dating this girl who’s also seeing another guy. But I don’t know I’m not to worried about it.
 Joey:Obviously! So how do we decide?
 Joey:(not buying it) Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Or or I’m the one who dates her.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah I like that but just to go in another direction…
 Joey:Yeah well we should order some food then.
 Joey:(smiling) That sounds fair.
 Joey:Ah yeah—wait a second now! Look we’re gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don’t have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
 Joey:All right well I guess I’ll just have to do what I do on dates.
 Joey:Yeah. Uh (thinks)…a slice…(Thinks)…six dollars?
 Joey:Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:I just wanted to come by and y’know wish you good luck on your date.
 Joey:Yeah. What time are you meeting her?
 Joey:Wow that’s in like 20 minutes. You’d better get dressed.
 Joey:Oh. Well good! (To himself) For me. (He picks up a jar of lotion.) What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
 Joey:Okay dude! (Finds a receit.) Hey you uh you sent Kristen flowers.
 Joey:You spent a hundred dollars. That’s the limit. You’re screwed!
 Joey:Oh-oh! So that’s the way it’s gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y’know!
 Joey:I don’t know.
 Joey:Y’know what Ross? I’m not gonna let you get away with this!
 Joey:Well we’ll see!
 Joey:Yeah bye-bye! (Exits and comes back in still holding the lotion.) Hey! So just a light layer?
 Joey:(entering) Kristen?
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Oh I like this place. And technically technically I’m not breaking any rules so I…
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks! (Sits down.)
 Joey:A woman in a man’s body.
 Joey:So y’know Ross it’s funny ‘cause you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
 Joey:So you’ve just married the one time then?
 Joey:(laughs that one off) Yeah. So uh Ross well now—why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
 Joey:No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
 Joey:Have you ever slept in the same bed as a monkey?!
 Joey:Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
 Joey:Monkey lover!
 Joey:When do you think we lost her?
 Joey:Yeah! (Monica goes in the bedroom.) Y’know she could use a little…(Whistles that she needs to do what they’re doing.) (Something happens on the game.) Oh nice shot!!! (They all cheer.)
 Joey:Hey! You guys! You’re not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent…
 Joey:Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!
 Joey:No-no.
 Joey:No! I’m up for a Soapie!
 Joey:No no no! It’s real! And it has been since 1998. (Rachel returns from the bathroom.) Hey Rach! Rach! I’m up for a Soapie!
 Joey:Thank you! Well I guess now I know who I’m taking to the awards. (Points to Rachel.)
 Joey:Many are scheduled to appear.
 Joey:(pretending to be an announcer) And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani! (He then gets excited and goes over to the counter to practice his acceptance speech using a bottle of maple syrup as the award.) Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh I didn’t prepare a speech. But umm I’d like to thank (Rachel enters quietly) my parents who’ve always been there for me. I’d also like to thank my friends Chandler Monica Phoebe Rachel…
 Joey:Yeah may-maybe you don’t tell anyone about this.
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:What award are you practicing for?
 Joey:Oh hey listen! The Soapie’s called today and I also get to present an award.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:(confused) What you-you don’t think I’m gonna win?
 Joey:Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win but it’s just…I’ve never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
 Joey:Hey! (Likes it.)
 Joey:You practice losing the Grammies too?
 Joey:Ah.
 Joey:Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
 Joey:Whoa!
 Joey:Ross has a boyfriend.
 Joey:How’d you get over that teacher?
 Joey:(To Ross) Problem solved.
 Joey:(To Rachel) This is it! This is my category.
 Joey:Yeah I got my speech!
 Joey:Yeah. (Does it.)
 Joey:Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?
 Joey:‘Kay!
 Joey:What the?! (Joey pounds the table and starts yelling at Rachel and which is drowned out by applause. Rachel is desperately trying to tell Joey that he’s on TV right now. He finally notices and he does his gracious loser face.)
 Joey:(angrily and monotone) Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. (Shakes his head in disgust.) The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. (There is applause which Joey disgustedly waits to dye out.) From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop (They start to applaud again but Joey interrupts in with the rest of the nominees) from All My Children Sarah Mchann and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is…(Opens the envelope)…Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. (Applause) Uh unfortunately Jessica couldn’t be with us tonight so I’ll be accepting this award on her behalf. (Realizes something) And I’m sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She’d also like to thank my friends Chandler Monica Ross Phoebe and Rachel who’s sittin’ right there! (Points at Rachel.) (The music starts and his microphone is turned off this angers Joey again and he disgustedly exits.)
 Joey:Rach we had to get out of there because look what I won! (He whips out the award for Best Supporting Actress that he accepted for Jessica.)
 Joey:No-no! No I’m accepting it on her behalf. (He puts it up above the TV to display it.)
 Joey:Sure I do! It’s a verb! As in I behalfin’ it!
 Joey:But why?! I should’ve won one and I really want it and she didn’t even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
 Joey:Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of ‘em.
 Joey:No! I want an award I did win! But nobody’s giving me any of those! Plus—Hey Rach if-if I put it up there (Points to the TV) right? When people come over they’ll see it and they’ll think I won it.
 Joey:I can scratch that right off.
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:I’ll take it back tomorrow.
 Joey:(opening his door) If I can’t have it you can’t have it! (Rachel walks away angrily.)
 Joey:Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.
 Joey:Hey Jessica.
 Joey:Ah this is my friend Rachel.
 Joey:Uh listen here’s your Soapie. I accepted it for ya. (Hands it to her.)
 Joey:Well that-that-that’s it? You’re gonna you’re gonna put it on your self or anything?
 Joey:(To Rachel) Take it back?
 Joey:Y-y-yeah! (As they start to leave Rachel pauses and steals a vase with flowers in it.) Yeah you do. (They exit.)
 Joey:I’m sorry do I know you?
 Joey:Nothing I’m just practicing blowing you off because I’m gonna be a big movie star!
 Joey:Well no not yet. But the audition went really good.
 Joey:Oh it’s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It’s really classy! Oh and the director is supposed to be the next next Martin Scorcese.
 Joey:Yeah there’s this guy from Chicago who’s supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese all right? But then this guy’s right after him. (Joey’s cell phone rings and he answers it.) Hello!
 Joey:(to Monica and Phoebe) They loved me!
 Joey:(on phone) Oh my God!
 Joey:Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Uh okay uh let me call you back. (Hangs up.)
 Joey:They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
 Joey:I know! My grandmother’s gonna see this!
 Joey:I don’t know! It’s not like it’s porn! This is a serious legitimate movie. Y’know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
 Joey:You’re right. Maybe I shouldn’t even go on the call back.
 Joey:Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It’s really sweet and-and tender.
 Joey:Hey I’m back!
 Joey:Uh so will-will I be reading the same scene again?
 Joey:Oh great! Y’know I would’ve been perfect for this part but whatever! Y’know thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day! (Starts to leave.)
 Joey:And scene! Huh? Wasn’t that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
 Joey:Wow! Sure! That’s great!
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah sure just long as it’s handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
 Joey:So…What?
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:No. What?
 Joey:Barmifsaed?
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Yep.
 Joey:That’s right.
 Joey:I don’t know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse you tell ‘em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
 Joey:I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
 Joey:I just have to call my agent and tell her I can’t do the part. (Gets up for the phone.)
 Joey:Unless what?
 Joey:Like what?
 Joey:Wow! This looks great!
 Joey:And-and-and-and-and the toothpicks?
 Joey:Thank God!
 Joey:Ah.
 Joey:Well maybe we just take that one away. (Picks it up and throws it away.)
 Joey:Thanks you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
 Joey:Ow!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:The fruit roll up.
 Joey:Delicious.
 Joey:Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a winner!
 Joey:The Silly Putty! It’s not so silly anymore!
 Joey:And what’s cool is the character is from Naples right?
 Joey:My whole family’s from Naples!
 Joey:Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. (He starts taking off his clothes.) I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don’t you worry; I have nothing to hide. (He drops his pants and stands back up and looks down.) So there you go that’s me. (We cut to a camera angle looking at the casting director and movie director through Joey’s legs.) One hundred percent natural! (Suddenly there’s a thud as something falls off.) (Everyone is shocked.) I tell ya that has never happened before.
 Joey:Probably Monica and Chandler.
 Joey:Hey guys! Look who’s back! It’s Ray-ray!
 Joey:(excitedly) Who you what? Who you what?!
 Joey:(excitedly) Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you—what?!!
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(entering) Hello!
 Joey:Hey Rach. (Stares at her.)
 Joey:Hey so where are my parents gonna be?
 Joey:What they’re not invited?! Oh no that’s terrible! They’re gonna be crushed!
 Joey:(looking around) You got me. I don’t…
 Joey:Well I’m sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y’know? Your parents are comin’! Chandler’s parents are comin’! Ross’s parents are comin’!
 Joey:Well-well—see? Parents are comin’!
 Joey:(leaning down to her) Maybe you’ll order a little sangria?
 Joey:We should really learn how to play the real way. (Moves another piece.)
 Joey:Nice move.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No I’m performing the ceremony. I’m not wearing a tux.
 Joey:Multi-colored robes! Ooh and maybe a hat.
 Joey:I don’t think so.
 Joey:(excitedly) Can I come?! I won’t even talk! You’ll just hear the noise from my video camera.
 Joey:Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
 Joey:Okay…
 Joey:Hey. (Laughs then seriously) It happened!
 Joey:Why are you taking this away from me?
 Joey:Oh-ho you should get inside my head.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah they’re not coming.
 Joey:Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They…feel a little unwanted.
 Joey:Look Mon if you could just call my mom…
 Joey:Come on! Look just-just tell—let her know that you really want them to be there. Let’s not forget this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
 Joey:Is it her fault that some of them didn’t make it to you?
 Joey:I don’t know. Just uh just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the invitations or—No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don’t think you can blame it on them so… (He dials the phone and hands it to Monica.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Listen I know the invitation says 600 but does that mean that you want people to get there at six or the show is gonna start right at six?
 Joey:Right. Right. The wedding gotcha. But I mean it’s gonna start a little late right? I mean weddings start late. Right?
 Joey:Ah. Yeah. Well look the thing is it’s the same day as my niece’s christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. ‘Cause my part’s just in the beginning I’m not even in the rest of the show—Wedding!
 Joey:Okay. Okay I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little ‘til they get there?
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah y’know like warm up the crowd. Ask ‘em where they’re from. ‘Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I’m a minis-tainer! (Rapping) There is no one better! There is no one greater!
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Uh Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
 Joey:No! No I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents that was really sweet. They’re so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
 Joey:Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! (Runs to his apartment and returns wearing a rather silly hat.) Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys and then this (He tilts it to the side of his head) is for party time.
 Joey:All right uh… (To Ross) Oh hey you’ve done this before Ross well what did you say when you made up your vows?
 Joey:Oh I got it! How about saying something like Monica…
 Joey:…when I look back over our time together…
 Joey:Well I can’t do everything! Look back over your time together.
 Joey:(yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:How is Monica I love your sweet ass inappropriate?
 Joey:(shocked) Has it been that long?!
 Joey:Hey its me! Im comin in!
 Joey:Ahh Im gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:I know! I mean it’s not like we weren’t cool about it.
 Joey:(To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
 Joey:How?! When?!
 Joey:IN LONDON!!!
 Joey:But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
 Joey:All right! Man this is unbelievable!
 Joey:Yes but yknow what? It doesnt matter who knows what. Now enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
 Joey:Well I didnt tell them!
 Joey:Uhhh Phoebe and Joey.
 Joey:And Rachel. I wouldve told you but they made me promise not to tell!
 Joey:No.
 Joey:They know you know.
 Joey:I couldnt even if I wanted too.
 Joey:(entering the hall) Oh man! Arent you guys done yet?!
 Joey:Ooh!
 Joey:I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh okay! Show him your bra! Hes afraid of bras! Cant work em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebes dress revealing her bra.)
 Joey:Its not my first time.
 Joey: So thats it! Its over! Everybody knows!
 Joey:I don’t want them to move to a Volvo dealership!
 Joey:I’m sorry I just…I like things the way they are.
 Joey:Ooh look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah you can get a Volvo. If that’s what you really want.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(To Chandler) (laughing) Funny one! That’s good!
 Joey:What? I don’t get it.
 Joey:(starting to cry) I have never known love like this.
 Joey:If he goes first he can!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Saw the Porsche out there Mon lookin’ good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
 Joey:Yeah you got a couple hours?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So! You and Phoebe huh? How long have you been going out?
 Joey:Wow! Maybe uh maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.
 Joey:So uh what’s your name?
 Joey:Joey. (They shake hands.) Hey Jake do you like the Knicks?
 Joey:Me too! There’s a game on Tuesday do you wanna go?
 Joey:Pheebs!
 Joey:Listen you know how uh when you’re wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
 Joey:Well when Jake did it I saw that…he was wearing women’s underwear!
 Joey:Oh. (Laughs.) No! No wait that’s weird!
 Joey:That’s weird!
 Joey:That’s…kinda hot.
 Joey:Yeah I wouldn’t know about that.
 Joey:Yeah well next thing you know he’ll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
 Joey:Oh yeah he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
 Joey:Hey! I am secure with my masculinity.
 Joey:You’ve seen my huge stack of porn right? (Phoebe nods.)
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! (He sits down next to her.)
 Joey:Check it out. (He turns around pulls down his pants and shows Phoebe that he’s got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
 Joey:Y’know I’m beginning to see what Jake was talking about.
 Joey:The silk? Feels really good!
 Joey:Yeah! And-and things aren’t as…smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.
 Joey:Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men’s underwear!
 Joey:Bikini French cut thong! And-and the fabrics! You’ve got cotton silk lace! And y’know what I’ve always wondered about?
 Joey:Pantyhose! Y’know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here… (He mimed that and stops when he realized he went to far.) I should go take these off shouldn’t I?
 Joey:Yeah! Much! Listen uh not that I’m y’know insecure about my manhood or anything y’know but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
 Joey:Yeah! Okay! (He notices a beautiful woman sitting behind the couch and goes to talk to her.) Hey! Hi!
 Joey:Y’know you look familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?
 Joey:Oh! Maybe it’s because I’m on television. I’m an actor on Days of Our Lives.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hm-mmm.
 Joey:Oh let me get this. (He takes out his wallet but the panties come with it. The woman and waitress are shocked.) (Realizing) (To the woman) These are for you.
 Joey:No I-I just heard lunch. But yeah I can go. Sure! (They all exit.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn’t get the part?
 Joey:No!
 Joey:No!
 Joey:Nooo!
 Joey:Yes!!
 Joey:Yes that’s the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!
 Joey:Well anyway the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!
 Joey:Oh no I’ll be done by then.
 Joey:I know! All right I’ll see you guys over there! I’m off to fight the Nazis.
 Joey:Whoa! Okay. Yeah well who-who was in World War I? (Rachel pauses as she thinks.)
 Joey:Yeah! Me too. (He pats his pocket.)
 Joey:I’m doing my scenes with you?
 Joey:Wow! I can’t believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!
 Joey:I think you did.
 Joey:Uh…Cookie?
 Joey:We have to find the rest of the platoon!
 Joey:(wiping his face) What?!
 Joey:(wipes face) So what are we gonna do?! We have no reinforcements! No-no food!
 Joey:(glances at Richard) No. Nope I uh…I th—I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y’know? He’s uh he’s a face toucher. (Behind his back Richard is nodding no.)
 Joey:Hey! Where have you been?
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Thanks. Yeah I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won’t get spit in the eyes y’know?
 Joey:Great! All right. I’ll see you later. (He starts to leave.)
 Joey:Uh I think he’s in Rachel’s room. See ya. (Exits.)
 Joey:Oh man! They-they just redid my make-up!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Picture? What picture?
 Joey:Okay uh look I know you’re a great actor okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff…
 Joey:But you’re spittin’ all over me man!
 Joey:You know you’ve been spitting on me?!
 Joey:(wiping face) Wow! Didn’t know that.
 Joey:Thanks! Okay-okay check it out! (Reading from the script) Picture? What picture? (He pauses then spits) Eh?
 Joey:What picture?!
 Joey:You went through my personal property?
 Joey:(pause) Because Vincent we were lovers. (Pause) For two years!
 Joey:Great scene yeah?
 Joey:Thanks a lot.
 Joey:Oh I’m-I’m not working tomorrow.
 Joey:No! No! I can’t! You gotta get me out of it! I’ve got plans! (Spits.) Important plans! (Spits on the Ps.)
 Joey:Excuse me Aaron? (The director turns around.) Hi! Umm I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally I wasn’t supposed to work today and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It’s my best friend’s and I’m officiating so I really can’t work past four.
 Joey:I’m having surgery!
 Joey:Yeah I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn’t want you to worry about me. But I’m having surgery today.
 Joey:Transplant.
 Joey:Hair transplant.
 Joey:It’s not on my head.
 Joey:Hey! You’re here! Great! Great! Great! Let’s get going buddy we’ve got a scene to shoot!
 Joey:Are you drunk?
 Joey:Yes you are!
 Joey:I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
 Joey:What?! He got me! Owwwwww!!!
 Joey:Look my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I’m the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
 Joey:Thank you. Thank you.
 Joey:I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
 Joey:(on phone) Hey! Did Chandler show up yet?
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:I’m still on the set!
 Joey:I know! I’m sorry! The guy’s drunk they won’t let me go until we get this.
 Joey:No! No I’m the minister! All right look-look put ‘em both on the phone I’ll marry them right now.
 Joey:Hey! Don’t you hang up on me! I’ll marry you and me right now! I have the power!
 Joey:Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy’s hammered!
 Joey:So I uh I just talked to the director. That’s it we’re done for the day.
 Joey:Yeah! You…you were wonderful.
 Joey:So I got your car it’s right outside.
 Joey:That’s what you told me.
 Joey:No-no-no! We gotta go! Come on! (Joey picks him up in a fireman’s carry and carries him out.) Here we go.
 Joey:(entering) That’s my line! (He walks up the aisle and to the rabbi) I can take it from here thanks. (To all) Dearly beloved I’m sorry I’m a little late. You may be confused by this now (He’s still in costume) but you won’t be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well let’s get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? (Monica is shocked and looks around.) We are gathered here today to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I’ve known Monica and Chandler for a long time and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now as I’ve left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
 Joey:Chandler?
 Joey:You may not kiss the bride. So I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
 Joey:Yeah you do!
 Joey:Aw crap! Okay—uh…uh let’s-let’s do the rings.
 Joey:We good? Yeah? Good? Once again I pronounce you husband and wife. (To Chandler) Now kiss her again.
 Joey:What? What’s going on?
 Joey:Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!
 Joey:Ah. (To Chandler) Slow swimmers? (Chandler looks at him.)
 Joey:I can’t! I-I don’t have any other clothes here.
 Joey:I’m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it’s either this or a bathrobe! Look what’s more important the way I’m dressed or me being with you on your special day?
 Joey:That’s better now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. (They do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.)
 Joey:I don’t believe we’ve met Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:Wow I’ve admired your work for years. You-you’ve done some really amazing stuff.
 Joey:Wow Dennis Phillips! That’s great! How did you guys meet?
 Joey:Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would’ve done it all film television and theater. The only think left would be radio and that’s just for ugly people.
 Joey:Uh eleven eleven and a half.
 Joey:Uh I don’t even really know where I left those. Sorry.
 Joey:Okay fine! I’m a seven! All right I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good I’ll show ya!
 Joey:Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?
 Joey:No-no! No! No! You don’t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I’m a soap actor.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(clinks his glass) I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now my when I first found out they were getting married I was I was a little angry. I was like (overly angry) Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?! But then I thought back over all our memories together some happy memories. (Does a fake laugh.) And-and there was some sad memories. (Starts to break down and cry.) I’m sorry. And-and some scared memories—Whoa! (He jumps back startled.) Eh? And then and then I realized I’ll always be their friend their friend who can speak in many dialects and has training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. (Starts to walk away but realizes something.) Oh! To the happy couple!
 Joey:So did you uh happen to catch my toast up there?
 Joey:Well I’d like to think there was something for everyone. Look I know you’re casting for this new show…
 Joey:Oh see that’s where you’re wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn’t see it up there just-just try me.
 Joey:Well I’m not proud of this but… (He turns around and starts to mess with his eyelids.)
 Joey:Shh. Shh. Don’t try to talk we’ll get you up to your room we’ll soak your feet you’ll be okay.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Tell me about it I feel like I’m holding down the fort all by myself.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:No. (Phoebe grabs the receipt and shows it to Joey who gets mad.) I was told the name of the movie would not appear on the bill!
 Joey:Nothing! It was something.
 Joey:Yeah that’s sad. Mashuga nut?
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:(warily) Who called here? Did she sound blond? Huh? Did-did-did she have an accent? I gotta make a call! (Starts to leave) I shoulda never walked into that Sunglass Hut!
 Joey:Oh. Why would you scare me like that? What the hell is going on? (Pause.) Is somebody pregnant?
 Joey:Oh my God Pheebs! You’re gonna have a baby?
 Joey:Whoa wait a minute. Who’s the father?
 Joey:Well who is this guy?! Huh? Who is he? ‘Cause I will track him down and kick his ass!
 Joey:David Lynn! David Lynn! David Lynn!! (Exits)
 Joey:(entering) Ooh-ooh-ooh! Are we opening presents?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Okay. (Hands her one.)
 Joey:Oh good uh you’re here. Uh Pheebs? Listen uh sit down. I-I got something I want to say.
 Joey:Umm now uh… It’s a scary world out there especially for a single mom. Y’know now I always thought you and I had a special bond so… (He goes to one knee and pulls out a ring.) Phoebe Buffay will you marry me?
 Joey:Why?! Why can’t she marry me?!
 Joey:Oh my God.
 Joey:(smiles then stops) Now I can’t believe it! What? Rachel’s pregnant? (The girls nod yes.) Who’s the father?
 Joey:Ohh… I wonder if that dude.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:About a month ago this guy spent the night with Rachel I didn’t see who it was but… (He walks out and closes the door.)
 Joey:The guy left this.
 Joey:(entering) You opened them all?
 Joey:Oh hey! You got my parent’s gift! (Holds it up.)
 Joey:Well I don’t know. I think it does something to salami.
 Joey:Yeah. What-what did Tag say?
 Joey:I do Rach. I do and I so happy for you. (They hug.)
 Joey:Hey Rach listen no matter what this guy says I want you to know you’re not gonna be alone in this.
 Joey:Listen I uh… (He takes her hand.) It’s a scary world out there especially if you’re a single mom. Y’know I always felt like you and I have this-this special bond. Y’know? So (gets down on one knee again) Rachel Green will you marry me?
 Joey:Pheebs give me the ring back!
 Joey:(heartbroken) I understand.
 Joey:Uh yeah. Pheebs listen about that. I only offered…
 Joey:There you go!
 Joey:(slow on the uptake) Oh my God!
 Joey:(entering with Phoebe) Hey!
 Joey:We know its Ross!
 Joey:I’m gonna be an uncle! Come here! (He joins the hug.)
 Joey:Well that that sounds good.
 Joey:Bye.
 Joey:What secrets?
 Joey:(whispering to Chandler) You’ll tell me later?
 Joey:Y’know Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should do something.
 Joey:I don’t have a key they took mine to give to you.
 Joey:Why would they take away our keys?
 Joey:No that’s not it. They let me keep my key the last time they were out of town.
 Joey:Hey I washed those!
 Joey:Yeah that didn’t sound like me.
 Joey:Yeah I have stuff in there too.
 Joey:Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it. (He picks up the phone) Hey Mr. Treeger it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen I need to get into Monica and Chandler’s apartment. It’s an emergency. (Listens) Uhh gas leak! Yeah oh and bring garlic bread. (Hangs up.)
 Joey:Yeah it seemed pretty important.
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Yeah I don’t think that’s what it is.
 Joey:Oh wow I don’t feel well.
 Joey:Please just-just just go and talk to Rachel.
 Joey:I still can’t believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.
 Joey:What the hell is that?
 Joey:Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Treeger what are you doing?
 Joey:(eating) Huh. So then I can heat this up? (Goes and does so.)
 Joey:So it’s noticeable huh?
 Joey:(simultaneously) Oh my God!!! I can’t believe that!!
 Joey:How are you doing?
 Joey:Well what did you say to her?
 Joey:(shocked) What?
 Joey:Whoa! Hey! Whoa!! Hold up! Are you serious?! So like 3% of the time they don’t even work?! Huh? They should put that on the box!
 Joey:What?! (Grabs his condoms from his pocket and looks.)
 Joey:Hey Monica it’s Joey. Listen uh Phoebe and I smell gas comin’ from your apartment.
 Joey:Yeah and we’d go check it out but you took away our keys.
 Joey:How? I guess I could break down your door.
 Joey:And-and you won’t blame us for any damage? (Gives Phoebe a thumbs up.)
 Joey:Uh okay I’ll-I’ll-I’ll break it down. (He hands the phone to Phoebe gets up picks up a chair and starts banging it on the floor.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I don’t see the baby. Where is it?
 Joey:Hey! You’re back! (Hugs and kisses all around.)
 Joey:A couple? Like two people? Like (points to himself) one (points to Phoebe) two people?
 Joey:Y’know what? Why don’t you just give us our souvenirs and get the hell out of here?
 Joey:Hm-mm! Yeah nice necklace!
 Joey:You’re welcome buddy.
 Joey:Whom. (Everyone looks at him shocked.) That’s right.
 Joey:Yeah! You gotta tell a girl before you tape her. Such a rookie mistake.
 Joey:Yeah! Ask them if they brought their friends any souvenirs!
 Joey:Hey hang up! You get food poisoning just talkin’ to that place.
 Joey:All right! I’ll have a sandwich!
 Joey:Oh I think we do.
 Joey:Y’know what? Don’t worry about it you still got me and Phoebe.
 Joey:Personal thing? What personal thing? I don’t know.
 Joey:(laughs) Yeah I knew what you were talkin’ about.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Sure. What? About uh you showering with your mom?
 Joey:Whoa for like months?
 Joey:Six months? Whoa that’s rough.
 Joey:The sky’s blue Ross and I had sex yesterday!
 Joey:Okay. Okay. Umm…Ooh! Oh-oh I got something. It’s this story I came up with very romantic. I swear any woman that hears it; they’re like putty.
 Joey:Okay. Now you’re gonna want to have sex with me when you hear it but you have to remember it is just the story.
 Joey:Okay. (Clears throat) Years ago when I was backpacking across Western Europe…
 Joey:Have a nice six more months Ross! (Starts to leave.)
 Joey:I was just outside Barcelona hiking in the foothills of Mount Tibidabo. I was at the end of this path and I came to a clearing and there was a lake very secluded. And there were tall trees all around. (Whispering) It was dead silent. Gorgeous. (Softly) And across the lake I saw…a beautiful woman…bathing herself…but she was crying…
 Joey:Whoa! What are you doing here? How did your date go?
 Joey:Hey! Look if it didn’t work it’s because you didn’t tell it right! Show me how you did it.
 Joey:How long since you’ve seen a girl naked?
 Joey:I’m not feeling it.
 Joey:No! No! No Ross! I’m not hot! Are you hot?
 Joey:Well you’re not selling the story! It’s like; it’s like you don’t believe it! Look I gotta go. I got a date but try this. Do what I do when I’m preparing for an audition. Okay? I’ll set you up with my video camera and you can record yourself and-and see what you’re doing wrong.
 Joey:All right now… All right you’re all set up. You’re good to go. Just hit record. All right?
 Joey:Good luck.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:(trying not to laugh) That means a lot to me man. (Exits.)
 Joey:Y’know what? This is not fair to her. Let’s just forget the tape!
 Joey:You’re right. (Mouths I know you’ll show me right?)
 Joey:Loud and clear! (Mouths You’ll show me and nods.)
 Joey:Y’know if they knew what they were doing they probably didn’t give you real names either.
 Joey:Oh yeah? (To Phoebe) Hi Ken Adams nice to meet you.
 Joey:Uh no Rach he’s gone. But listen he told us what happened and it does it sounds like an honest mistake.
 Joey:(confused) Are we watchin’ the tape or not?!
 Joey:(To Phoebe) I’m so happy!
 Joey:How do you know about that story?!
 Joey:(raises his hand) Some guy!! (Points to himself.)
 Joey:(raises his hand and points to himself again) Ken Adams!!
 Joey:(To Rachel) Okay let me just get changed and we can go to dinner.
 Joey:I’m not telling you’ll have to see it on TV!
 Joey:No couldn’t care less.
 Joey:Hey you too!
 Joey:What? You weren’t in it.
 Joey:Oh sorry. Uh-uh Kash?
 Joey:This is my friend Rachel. Rachel Kash Kash Rachel.
 Joey:(grabbing her) Here we go! Here we go! (Starts to pull her away from Kash.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh you know uh Kash really liked you the other day. He said he thought you were charming.
 Joey:Hey I’m with you. He even asked me if I thought you’d go out with him.
 Joey:I said no.
 Joey:What? I…I just figured since you’re pregnant you’re not gonna be seeing people.
 Joey:I didn’t tell him. I didn’t know if you were telling people. This is back when I thought Kash was still people.
 Joey:Rach look I really don’t think that’s such a great…
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No. No. But I’ll go see a normal person movie with ya.
 Joey:It’s no Ukrainian film.
 Joey:I set her up with this actor on my show.
 Joey:No
 Joey:Well I was thinking that it’d probably be okay because Ross hasn’t gone out with Rachel in five years!
 Joey:Hey! I’m an (does the quote-marks thing as well) actor too! I’m not sure. I think they’re taking the ferry out to some Italian place on Staten Island.
 Joey:Are we talking about one of those big boats that carry cars that go like five miles an hour?
 Joey:Hey Kash. Uh hey-hey this is Ross. Ross this is Kash.
 Joey:So what movie do you want to see—And not another one I have to read. Okay? I get enough of that from books.
 Joey:All right car magazines cereal boxes but it’s like enough!
 Joey:And just wait for Rachel to come back from her date?
 Joey:Dude! What is going on?!
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:They go on one date and you’re worried about them getting married?! He’s not you!
 Joey:Well Ross what did you think she was gonna do?
 Joey:What do you mean?
 Joey:That’s a nice picture. Maybe you can still have that!
 Joey:Hey can I ask you something? In this in this picture of you and your wife is your wife Rachel?
 Joey:Good call. Yeah. But the face Ross the face isn’t Rachel.
 Joey:I know but I don’t think that’s what she wants.
 Joey:That’s okay Ross maybe you need a new picture. Okay? It’s not gonna be what you thought but no matter what there’s gonna be a brand new little baby your baby. Who cares what the picture looks like?
 Joey:Hey I tell you what. Let’s you and me go out and have some fun. Huh? Whatever you want. Come on!
 Joey:No I said fun!
 Joey:Look I’ll come to the party but I’m not dressing up.
 Joey:No way! Look Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up pretending to be someone you’re not…
 Joey:That hot girl from their wedding?
 Joey:Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes she could be a bikini model or a slutty nurse or a sexy cheerleader huh—Ooh-ooh Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre—No-no-no! Slutty Leatherface.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Yes I did! I’m Chandler. (Looks at Chandler) Dude what happened?
 Joey:Okay. I’m Chandler (makes a growling/gurgling sound at the end and the girls laugh.)
 Joey:When have I ever done that?! (And does the sound again.)
 Joey:(sees Ross) Hey all right Ross came as doody.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Exclusively.
 Joey:Catwoman hands down.
 Joey:But between you and Phoebe I’d have to give the edge to Phoebe.
 Joey:Are you kiddin’? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus she’s got this crazy temper. She—She’s not standing right behind me is she?
 Joey:I’m not sure.
 Joey:Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn’t matter.
 Joey:I would say Woman please!
 Joey:(To Monica) Here comes the temper.
 Joey:Okay here’s a good one for ya. Who do think would win in a fight between Ross and Chandler.
 Joey:So Ross?
 Joey:(To Monica) Hey-hey-hey I think we might find out the answer to our question.
 Joey:Monica and I were talking about who could kick whose ass in a fight you or Ross?
 Joey:So you think Ross too?
 Joey:Hey Monica! (Grabs her and pulls her into the living room.) People came to see a fight let’s give ‘em what they came for!
 Joey:Yeah. Listen to the slutty nurse.
 Joey:Seriously guys the trash talk is embarrassing.
 Joey:Rach?
 Joey:(entering) Pheebs come on! Bunny vs. Doody! We’re waiting! (They go inside.) (To Chandler and Ross.) Okay. Okay guys one match winner take all. (They grasp each other’s hand in preparation for battle.) Oh wait-wait! What does the winner get?
 Joey:(laughing) Okay if you say so. All right ready? Set! Go!
 Joey:Or equally weak.
 Joey:(to her) You’re a weird lady.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:That’s not so bad.
 Joey:Come on! You’re good with kids. They’re just crazy on Halloween. Y’know they’re all greedy and hopped up on sugar!
 Joey:Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas…and their birthdays. Kinda get a little crazy during the summer too. And anytime they’re hungry or sleepy. Y’know kids are tough. Good luck with that. (Walks away.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey Ross! Listen do you want to go see that new Imax movie on tide pools?
 Joey:(laughs) No. But I got Knicks tickets for you me and Chandler.
 Joey:All right well finish your coffee; let’s go.
 Joey:To tape the game? You do this every time Ross you’re not gonna be on TV!
 Joey:Oh you’re switching apartments?
 Joey:But Rachel has an apartment.
 Joey:She is?
 Joey:I guess I didn’t really think about it.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh okay. I…I ate way too much.
 Joey:Ooh. (Notices the pizza grabs a slice and takes a bite.) So umm I was talkin’ to Ross and he said you were looking for a new place.
 Joey:I was kinda hoping you’d stay.
 Joey:No room? It’s a baby. It’s like this big. (Holds his hands about a foot apart.) Y’know I mean you-you could you could put it over here. (A desk.) Or-or-or we could put it right here. (The chair.) Aw it’s cute right? Or-or we could put it over here. (By the bathroom door.) You wouldn’t even notice it. Where’s the baby? (Mumbles that it’s over in the corner.)
 Joey:I could use a challenge! It’s getting pretty easy.
 Joey:I love living with you so much. I just wish things didn’t have to change.
 Joey:Y’know I blame Ross for this.
 Joey:I’m gonna miss you you’re the hottest roommate I ever had.
 Joey:Hey! Uh this is just to give you an idea. Okay well we can put screens here (In front of the crib.) so that the baby has privacy and-and-and maybe a mobile over the crib. And uh—Oh look! Here’s a baby monitor (Holds it up) which until the baby comes we can use as walkie-talkies. Huh?
 Joey:Ahhhhhhhhhhhh…. That-that-that’s really just to show where the baby would go. Y’know why don’t I hold on to him so that there’s no confusion? (Takes him back sets him on the chair and apologizes to him.)
 Joey:I’m loud!
 Joey:I’m up all night!
 Joey:Hello!
 Joey:Look if I’m bringing home a woman who can’t stand being around a baby then maybe I don’t want to be with that woman! Or maybe we’ll just do it in the bathroom of the club!
 Joey:Yeah! All right—Look I know sometimes it’ll be hard okay? But it’ll also be really…really great. Please Rachel! I-I-I really want you to stay.
 Joey:Ohh!
 Joey:I know! I found it on the street.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I don’t know.
 Joey:Ew.
 Joey:Ooh! Ah! Okay! (Quickly drags the crib outside.)
 Joey:Isn’t that great?
 Joey:It’s a grand tradition!
 Joey:This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party but no I wasn’t allowed to. All I got was a stupid steak dinner!
 Joey:Oh yeah that was a pretty good night.
 Joey:So uh you and Mona been a while now. How’s it going?
 Joey:Hot?
 Joey:I’m gonna take that book and beat you to death with it.
 Joey:Will you let the lady talk?!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:(on cell phone) I’m sorry I gotta cancel tonight baby…
 Joey:So you uh nervous about getting married?
 Joey:Look look let’s pretend it’s a real bachelor party. Okay? Y’know? Before your wedding. Come on it’ll be fun.
 Joey:How does it feel knowing you’re never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you’re gonna have to wake up to the same face everyday until you finally have the sweet release of death.
 Joey:That’s her! Okay come on! (They go over and open the door.)
 Joey:Uh that-that’s-that’s me!
 Joey:Joey Tribbiani a big fan.
 Joey:Why-why would she go in the bedroom?
 Joey:Yeah that’s one naked hooker!
 Joey:Wait! Wait! Maybe she’s a hooker and a stripper but she got confused about what she’s supposed to do.
 Joey:Maybe Monica’s playing a joke on ya. Y’know? Getting her own husband a hooker that’s pretty funny.
 Joey:I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was conveniently busy.
 Joey:(on machine) Hey Ross. It’s Joey. There’s a hooker over here and we thought maybe you’d know something about it.
 Joey:Maybe she meant to get you a hooker.
 Joey:Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything you’re really bad at y’know sexually?
 Joey:In a minute!
 Joey:All right all right maybe-maybe you should just ask her to leave.
 Joey:Hey! It’s your bachelor party.
 Joey:I don’t want to. You do it!
 Joey:You do it!
 Joey:I miss this.
 Joey:No I-I miss hanging out with you.
 Joey:Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be inseparable. Y’know now it’s like…things are different.
 Joey:Oh sure—And hey don’t get me wrong I am so happy for you guys. I just…I miss…hanging out…just-just us y’know?
 Joey:You got it. Come here. (They hug and are observed by the hooker.)
 Joey:(on phone) Hey! I do too think about the consequences of my decisions! (Listens) What gives you the right to… (Listens) Go to hell! (Hangs up the phone and opens the fridge.) Stupid guy on my phone.
 Joey:Hey Rach listen did you know that during pregnancy your fingers swell up to twice their size and never go back.
 Joey:(laughing) You fall for it every time!
 Joey:I just want you to say it once in a while.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Phoebe!
 Joey:No they’re not! They’re ugly and stupid and delicious!
 Joey:She is?
 Joey:Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.
 Joey:But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving! I mean Thanksgiving with no turkey is like-like Fourth of July with no apple pie! Or Friday with no two pizzas!
 Joey:No there won’t! I promise I will finish that turkey!
 Joey:That’s right! ‘Cause I’m a Tribbiani! (To Rachel) And this is what we do! I mean we may not be great thinkers or world leaders we don’t read a lot or run very fast but damnit! We can eat!
 Joey:Let me explain to you how the human body works. I have to warm my stomach first. Eatin’ chips is like stretching.
 Joey:Don’t worry Tribbianis never get full.
 Joey:(To Monica) Who the hell is this guy?
 Joey:Oh hey!
 Joey:That’s it?! Even if nobody helps me I can eat that no problem. At least give me a challenge!
 Joey:(quietly) Oh. How-how big is that?
 Joey:(To Rachel) It’s like me when I was born.
 Joey:(To Monica) Seriously who is this guy?
 Joey:I’m afraid I’m gonna need proof.
 Joey:You are my Everest.
 Joey:Oh yes I do. Otherwise what’s next? Today I’m just a guy who can’t finish a turkey but tomorrow I’m the guy who eats half a Powerbar wraps up the rest and puts in the fridge? No! No I just…I just—I gotta change my pants. (Gets up and heads for the door.) Jeans have no give. (Exits.)
 Joey:(entering wearing the maternity pants from earlier) All right where’s that turkey!
 Joey:Not now! These are my Thanksgiving pants!
 Joey:Well that’s it. I’m done. Whew! (Wipes his forehead.) There come the meat sweats. (Chandler hands him a towel and he wipes his face.)
 Joey:No just nobody press on my stomach.
 Joey:Whoa—hey—wh-wh-what do you got there? What is that? Pie?
 Joey:Ah just cut me a little sliver. (Monica prepares to cut a little sliver.) A little bigger. (Monica prepares to cut a bigger piece.) Little bigger. (Monica moves the knife again.) What?! Are you afraid you’re gonna run out?! Cut me a real piece!
 Joey:Oh hey Rach listen—Hi!
 Joey:Umm can you do me a favor? I was talkin’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no-no not her not her. My youngest sister Dina she’s really interested in fashion and she wants to talk to someone successful y’know to give her some advice.
 Joey:Oh no-no-no-no she wants to talk to you!
 Joey:Okay so will you meet with her?
 Joey:Great! Thanks! You’re gonna love her so much. And—Oh she’s the smartest of all the Tribbiani children. Hey y’know the S.A.T’s?
 Joey:She took ‘em!
 Joey:(entering with Dina) Here she is! Future fashion superstar!
 Joey:My little sister Dina!
 Joey:This is so exciting for her. Well I’ll let you two fash…ists get down to business. (Exits.)
 Joey:Hey! It’s my fashion girls! (They don’t react.) What’s wrong?
 Joey:(concerned) Oh. What’s what’s going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad’s heart? Is that a sandwich?
 Joey:Is that a sandwich?!
 Joey:(angrily) What?!
 Joey:Well obviously this is a mistake! You can’t be pregnant! Because you have to have sex to get pregnant!
 Joey:(to Rachel) Bub!!! (Points at her and quiets Rachel.) (To Dina) I can’t believe this! You’re the good one! You went to college! Both years! Who did this to you?!
 Joey:You got pregnant for funny?! Dina…if he’s funny…laugh! All right I’ll be back in a little while! You stay here!
 Joey:I can’t look at you right now! (Exits and slams the door behind him.)
 Joey:Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved we are gathered here to join this man and this woman…
 Joey:Don’t interrupt me when I’m talkin’ to God! Now where were we? Oh right okay. Do you Dina take this man…
 Joey:Oh you’ll take ‘em!
 Joey:Hey! You don’t get a say in this!
 Joey:Ahhh! I heard I do we’re halfway there! Okay! (To Bobby) You!
 Joey:Well what am I supposed to do?
 Joey:No they can’t! They were stupid enough to get knocked up!
 Joey:Oh? Oh! Okay! Okay! Let’s hear their plan! Now what’s the future look like for Dina and Bobby?
 Joey:(to Dina) You were right. He is funny.
 Joey:Dina if you’re having a baby you should be married! Even if it is to Bobby! (Bobby gets happy.) Dude that’s not a compliment!
 Joey:So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You’re gonna have the baby and-and raise it by yourself…without a husband?! You can’t be a single mother alone! You’re gonna ruin your life!
 Joey:No! No! No! It’s different for you. You’re so strong and together. You’re not some dumb kid who doesn’t know what she’s doing.
 Joey:One pregnant woman at a time please! I just want you to be okay.
 Joey:Maybe! (To Bobby) Well! Well…so-so uh what kind of music does Numb Nuts—Oh forget it! I can’t!
 Joey:Because! ‘Cause… ‘Cause you’re my baby sister!
 Joey:Well I’d be scared of them but all right.
 Joey:Of course he’s gonna have his Uncle Joey!
 Joey:That’s right! By his uncle too!
 Joey:Come here! (Hugs Dina and Bobby looks to hug Rachel.)
 Joey:Oh uh ordinarily I would love too but I am just swamped right now. (Brushes something off of his shirt and looks around but doesn’t move from his chair.)
 Joey:I’m missin’ picture time?! (Jumps over to look Ross glares at him and he retreats.)
 Joey:(To Ross) Congratulations! You just got married!
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey hey that’s your wife you’re talking about!
 Joey:Who was that?
 Joey:You hung up on the pizza place? I don’t hang up on your friends.
 Joey:Oh what’s wrong?
 Joey:Then why did I ask?
 Joey:Is that college talk for horny?
 Joey:Good I uh I saw a pretty big pigeon.
 Joey:Yeah I gotta I gotta go to my room too.
 Joey:Good night. (They both enter their rooms.)
 Joey:(entering) I can’t do it!
 Joey:You’re Rachel!
 Joey:You’re my friend!
 Joey:But plus it would be wrong and weird and-and-and bad.
 Joey:I know!
 Joey:Do you wanna do it?
 Joey:All right me neither! I was just testing you!
 Joey:This conversation never happened!
 Joey:Good night!
 Joey:Get back in there! (Rachel re-enters her room and closes the door.)
 Joey:(To Rachel) Do you think he saw us or can we still sneak out?
 Joey:Oh! Hey Rach listen umm…
 Joey:I got a big date coming up do you know a good restaurant?
 Joey:Ooh great! Thanks!
 Joey:You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex I’ll tell ya…
 Joey:Hey y’know what?
 Joey:Why don’t I take you out?
 Joey:Yes I do! And we’re gonna go out we’re gonna have a good time and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching out…
 Joey:I’ll be fun.
 Joey:No I’m picking you up for our date. These are for you. (Hands her some flowers.)
 Joey:And a brownie! (Hands her a bag with the brownie in it.) Well half a brownie. Actually it’s just bag. It’s been a long walk from the flower shop and I was startin’ to feel faint so…
 Joey:Hey come on now this is a real date. Uh so…nice place you got here. Foosball huh? Pizza box. Oh a subscription to Playboy my kind of woman.
 Joey:I would like to meet him. He sounds like a stand up guy.
 Joey:Ah… Hey so this roommate of yours…is he good looking?
 Joey:Oh yeah it must be tough to keep your hands of him huh?
 Joey:No-no-no-no he’s not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come on!
 Joey:Y’know what? Bring her both and I’ll have the same. (The waitress leaves.)
 Joey:Oh whoa-whoa-whoa no roommate stuff. Okay? We’re on a date.
 Joey:No! No. Umm just myself and if they don’t like me for—(Laughs.) I’m sorry I couldn’t even get through that.
 Joey:Oh alright. Umm well okay I usually start by having a bottle of wine sent to my table from a fan.
 Joey:Well it does when you combine it with This is so embarrassing I just want to have a normal life!
 Joey:Oh okay how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night to kiss you but you’re so beautiful…I don’t think I can.
 Joey:Alright so…so tell me one of your moves.
 Joey:That’s your move? Boy Rach you’re lucky you’re hot.
 Joey:(exasperated) Queens.
 Joey:Yeah with my mom. Yeah not so much with my dad.
 Joey:I don’t know. I guess there’s just always been this distance y’know—I mean we both try to pretend it’s not there but it is.
 Joey:Yeah it is. It’s really tough. Y’know sometimes I think—Wow!! Nice move!
 Joey:Where’d you grow up it’s so simple!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yes I am! Again so simple!
 Joey:Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica Phoebe Chandler and Ross if you had to if you had to who would you punch?
 Joey:Chandler?
 Joey:Me too! Hey Rach can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
 Joey:I never laughed so hard—Did you see the wine come out of my nose?
 Joey:I gotta say I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so much.
 Joey:Huh. Huh.
 Joey:Ah! Okay well then you don’t judge me. I’m gonna suck on the cellophane from the brownie I had before. (They both do as they planned.)
 Joey:Ah well if I want the girl to kiss me first thing I do is make my lips look irresistible.
 Joey:Now you can’t tell anyone but uh…I put on shiny lip balm.
 Joey:Yeah like a moth to a flame I’m telling ya. Okay all right so now you go.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! (Rachel just looks at him.) I didn’t say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach just tell me!
 Joey:(stunned and turned on) Yeah. Why—Yeah that would work for ya…
 Joey:Oh. (She kisses him.) Yeah. (She goes into her room.) Me to. (He then starts to freak out.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh yeah I still can’t believe you haven’t seen Cujo. What is wrong with you?
 Joey:Have you ever tried to sit through Citizen Kane?
 Joey:Oh yeah? All right let’s do it tonight.
 Joey:Oh right!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out what was that?!
 Joey:Oh yeah-yeah the lobster.
 Joey:Yeah me too all night.
 Joey:Yeah well that’s because uh…I stayed in my room. Yeah you don’t want to look in my hamper.
 Joey:No-no! I’m fine. It’s just… Hey can I ask you something? Have you ever looked at someone that you’ve known for a while and then suddenly…suddenly see them a different way?
 Joey:Yeah. Yeah that…that’s exactly it. You’re right. Yeah.
 Joey:(deadpan) Ooh! Yeah. So yeah so you know exactly what I’m talking about.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure. (She gets up walks towards the bathroom and Joey watches her go.) Ehhh.
 Joey:(incredulous) Alone?!
 Joey:Hey did you get to the part where they’re trapped in the car and Cujo’s throwin’ himself at the windshield?
 Joey:Oh uh it didn’t work out.
 Joey:Oh uh okay. Yeah.
 Joey:Oh sure yeah why not? (Sits on the arm of the chair.)
 Joey:All right I know! I know. Yeah it’ll be okay.
 Joey:Terrified. (But for a totally different reason.)
 Joey:(thinking) All right. It’s a new day. All that stuff about Rachel you don’t feel that now. It was crazy! You’re fine. You’re better than fine! You are as your friend Tony would say Grrrreat! Everything’s normal! She’s just your friend Rachel! Your friend Rachel. Your friend! Rachel.
 Joey:(thinking) Hey it’s your girlfriend Rachel!
 Joey:(entering) Hey Chandler you got a minute? I-I really need to talk to you.
 Joey:Well neither.
 Joey:I don’t know. It’s-it’s just…lately I’ve been feeling… Okay here’s what it is… (Pause) You know what? I feel a lot better thanks! (Starts to leave)
 Joey:All right. Okay. You and Monica friends for a long time and sure there are rules but then you went to London. Oh no but that’s different. I mean there are rules there too! You know what I mean?
 Joey:It was different for you guys! I mean I mean you were both in the same place right?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:You know what? This is a bad idea. Forget it. Forget it and listen do me a favor this conversation was between you and me.
 Joey:Hey. Well what’s up?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Whaaat?
 Joey:Oh my God. You do?
 Joey:I know. I know. And this is so much more complicated than it was for those guys. I mean it’s Rachel for God sakes.
 Joey:I know. I know. And she’s not only my friend; she’s my pregnant friend! She’s my pregnant friend who’s Ross’ ex!
 Joey:What am I going to do? You know and I keep I keep trying to get rid of these feelings y’know? I stayed up all last night and made a list of everything I don’t like about her. You want to hear it?
 Joey:She made me switch to light Mayo. That’s it! That’s all I got! And you know what? It tastes the same and my pants fit better!
 Joey:You think?
 Joey:Yeah just a crush! That’s all this is! It’s a crush! I’m Joey; I don’t get deep feelings.
 Joey:Not really.
 Joey:(from outside the bathroom) Hello?
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:(entering the bathroom) What are you guys doing in here?
 Joey:It’s no big deal okay? Phoebe and I talked about it. It’s just a crush! It’s going to go away! (Looks down) Dude you gotta rearrange your bubbles! Oh!
 Joey:(thinking) All right. It’s a new day and it’s just a crush that’s all! Just a little crush! All that worrying I was doing that was crazy. Crazy! Like my friend here the bird would say it was cuckoo! Everything’s going to be fine. It’s just a crush.
 Joey:(thinking) I love you.
 Joey:Oh okay okay! One more push! One more push! Come on honey we’re almost there! We’re almost there!
 Joey:Oh I love you too.
 Joey:That’s always appropriate! (Back to the matter at hand) Oh okay. One more push! One more push!
 Joey:What? What’s going on?
 Joey:Aaaah…
 Joey:Really?!
 Joey:Oh y’know what? Maybe uh you…you should come to me. I’m a not I’m not wearing any bottoms.
 Joey:Oh my oh my God!
 Joey:Mia Hamm?
 Joey:Oh that’s amazing. (Drops the sheet.)
 Joey:Whoa-hey-oh! Sorry!
 Joey:Hey Ross! The baby’s kicking!
 Joey:A dreamless sleep.
 Joey:Well I got stuff going on in here (Rubbing his belly) if you wanna feel.
 Joey:Wow! Can I get a copy of that?
 Joey:Whoa Monica runs a pretty tight ship over here. What are you doing?
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:I don’t know. Ooh I bet it’s Richard.
 Joey:Well off the top of my head uhh maybe she’s having her cake and eating it too. You being the cake and Richard being the too. Or!
 Joey:I saw this movie once where there was a door and no one knew what was behind it and when they finally got it open millions and millions and millions of bugs came pouring out and they feasted on human flesh. Y’know it wouldn’t kill ya to respect your wife’s privacy! (He walks away and into his apartment and looks the door.) Stupid closet full of bugs!
 Joey:Oh hey whoa-whoa don’t worry. Okay. When my sisters were pregnant they got every weird feeling in the book it was always nothing.
 Joey:Absolutely. But we’re gonna stop by the hospital just to be sure okay? I’ll page Ross on the way. Come on.
 Joey:Okay Rach-Rach-Rach look at me look at me everything’s gonna be fine trust me. Okay. Take my hand. Here we go. (Rachel grabs his hand.) Oww crushing bones!
 Joey:Hey! So?
 Joey:So but everything is normal.
 Joey:And-and there’s no danger to her and the baby?
 Joey:Calm?! I wasn’t calm! I’ve never been more scared in all my life!
 Joey:Well what do I know?! I’m not a doctor!
 Joey:You sure?!
 Joey:(seeing Ross) Oh hey-hey!
 Joey:Something called Braxton-Hicks contractions.
 Joey:Hey uh what’s with the candy?
 Joey:Oh hey don’t worry about it man. Don’t worry about it no big deal.
 Joey:Oh uh hey. Not as good as this guy! (Grabs Ross around the shoulders.) He brought Twizlers!
 Joey:Easy there Captain Kirk. Oh do you have a bobby pin?
 Joey:Then why do you throw like one?
 Joey:Sure. Monica.
 Joey:Uh really good. Really good. Yeah I should be ready to kill myself any day now. (Chandler returns with a bobby pin and hands it to Joey.) Wow you sure found that quick. (He tries the pin in the lock.) I just—I wish I didn’t feel this way about Rachel anymore y’know? I wish things could go back to normal. I mean I love living with her and God helping out with the baby is just amazing but now I think…I think Ross feels left out. Y’know? When I had to take Rachel to the hospital the doctor thought I was the father. God… You should’ve seen the look on Ross’s face. (Pause) By the way I have no idea what I’m doing here. For all I know I’m just locking it more. Oh hey did you try opening it with a credit card?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh I just…I feel terrible.
 Joey:What’s going on?
 Joey:Pickle? Pickles make her sick. Giving her pickles is like giving me salad.
 Joey:I’m on it! (Takes a bite out of the sandwich.)
 Joey:Dude relax! It could happen to anyone.
 Joey:Hey uh can I can I talk to you guys for a second?
 Joey:Uh sit down. I wanna talk about our situation.
 Joey:The thing is…’cause I live with Rachel I’m here for a lot of the stuff okay? (To Rachel) And Ross…Ross is missing everything. So…
 Joey:Maybe you two should live together.
 Joey:Oh no-no no-no I love living with you. It just seems that…if you’re gonna have a roommate y’know it might as well be the father.
 Joey:All right now so? What do you think?
 Joey:Well I was due.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Well uh I wanted to have a few beers but uh I got rid of those because Rachel couldn’t stand the smell of them. But I have thrown back a lot of orange juice with calcium though. And uh it’s a couple weeks past it’s expiration date so it’s got a bit of a kick.
 Joey:Are you kidding me? I’m great! Yeah I’m uh; I’m better than great. I am good. And now that she’s gone I can uh I can do all this stuff around here that I couldn’t do before. Y’know? Like umm I can walk around naked again. Y’know? I can uh I can watch porn in the living room. Right? This is uh this is good for me. Y’know? I like being on my own I’m uh better off this way. I’m uh a lone wolf. Y’know? A loner. Alone. All alone. Forever. What’s a wolf got to do to get a huh around here?! (Chandler rushes over and hugs him.)
 Joey:Hey so uh how’s it going living over at Ross’?
 Joey:Bye.
 Joey:There’s one lucky to-go cup of coffee.
 Joey:Thanks. But maybe later.
 Joey:You know what I want? I want a lot of things! I want to be with the woman I love on Valentine’s Day! And I want her to love me back! And I want just one moment of relief from the gut-wrenching pain of knowing that that’s never going to happen!
 Joey:Oh okay.
 Joey:No I’m not sleeping with your friend Jane again.
 Joey:Hey! A dog! Hi! Who you got to admit looks a lot like Jane.
 Joey:Thanks so much Pheebs! (to the dog) We are going to have so much fun yes we are! (the dog sticks his head between Joey’s legs) Oh! Not that kind of fun.
 Joey:Get the ball ready? Get the ball get the ball! (Joey pretends to throw it but really doesn’t and the dog goes running off.) Well you’re cute but you’re not too smart!
 Joey:(looking at the ball the dog brought back) Did I just throw this?
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Oh that’s uh that’s Phoebe’s friend’s dog. I don’t know what his real name is but I call him Mozzarella.
 Joey:(to the dog) C’mere. Hey. C’mere. That’s Rachel. She’s the one who used to live here. Might as well be honest with you—we love her. But we can’t have her. I really miss her. Well hey you understand right? You’re a guy. (thinks about it and picks up the dog and looks) Well you used to be.
 Joey:So between her and me being friends and her history with Ross it just isn’t going to happen. It would be like you falling in love with a cat.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Yeah sure. Go ahead. (pause) Oh me right!
 Joey:Nothing. We just talked about stuff.
 Joey:Rachel stuff.
 Joey:He’s breathing!
 Joey:No no no no! He’s fine! Look look look! (picks up the ball) Here’s your ball! Get your ball! Get your ball! (he throws the ball and it bounces right next to the dog) Get your ball! My God what have I done to you huh? I broke the dog! Pheebs I broke the dog!
 Joey:Hey what’s up?
 Joey:Oh man I’m sorry. Why?
 Joey:Still that really sucks man. Especially on Valentine’s Day.
 Joey:Sort of.
 Joey:You don’t have to seem so happy about it.
 Joey:Oh I…I d—
 Joey:Forget about it. It’s no big deal.
 Joey:It’s nothing.
 Joey:Okay uh…sit down. (they do) Um… there’s this woman that I like. A lot. But uh…it can’t happen.
 Joey:No!
 Joey:Yes.
 Joey:Sometimes I think maybe she could. But it doesn’t matter because I can’t do anything about it.
 Joey:Well it’s complicated. She’s with this other guy. For a long time. Someone from work too. And I could never do that to the guy because we’re really good friends.
 Joey:No. I don’t think so.
 Joey:Yeah he’s the best.
 Joey:Oh I don’t know.
 Joey:I do! So much! I can’t stop thinking about her! I can’t sleep I—
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:It’s Rachel.
 Joey:There’s this woman that I like.  A lot.  Well it’s complicated.  She’s with this other guy.  For a long time.  And I could never do that to the guy y’know?  ’Ccause we’re really good friends.
 Joey:Yeah he’s the best.
 Joey:Oh I don’t know.
 Joey:I do! So much! I can’t stop thinking about her! I can’t sleep I—
 Joey:It’s Rachel.
 Joey:Yes.
 Joey:Yes. I like Rachel.
 Joey:(startled) Yeah okay but look buy uh—Hey-hey y’know y’know who else I like? You! And it-it doesn’t get said enough. I like you Ross.
 Joey:Yeah but it’s not a big deal.
 Joey:I’m an actor y’know? As-as a group we tend to be over dramatic.
 Joey:Look no I-I know it’s bad and I know it’s wrong. Okay? But-but it’s not like anything’s ever gonna happen. Y’know? These-these are just feelings they’re gonna go away.
 Joey:Oh come on Ross! Hey Ross-Ross don’t…
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Look I understand if you came by to hit me I deserve it.
 Joey:Oh what then? Kick me?
 Joey:(getting worried) Bite me?
 Joey:Oh now—Hey Ross-Ross! Do you wanna-wanna come in for a beer or something?
 Joey:Do uh do you got any beer? All-all I got is this melon stuff that Rachel left. I don’t…
 Joey:(pouring two glasses) Hey look Ross you need to understand something okay? I uh…I am never gonna act on this Rachel thing okay? I-I would never do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you. (He hands Ross a glass.)
 Joey:Anyway it uh…look it’ll just…take me a while to get over her that’s all. I’m not even sure how to do that I mean I’ve never been in love before so…
 Joey:Yeah I thought you knew that.
 Joey:Wow. Hey look if it helps I don’t want to feel this way. Honest. I just keep thinking Ah I’ll get over this. Y’know? I just—It just keeps gettin’ harder. I don’t I don’t know what to do. Y’know? What do I do?
 Joey:Okay that’s the green stuff talkin’.
 Joey:But what if uh—and I’m not saying she will be—But…
 Joey:Are you sure?
 Joey:Hey thanks.
 Joey:Oh my God I have to tell her! I haven’t even thought about what I will say. What should I say?
 Joey:I’m sorry you’re right. What am I gonna say? (He takes another sip of the green stuff and recoils at the taste.) Oh!
 Joey:Okay. Okay I can do this. I can tell her how I feel. Just uh just stand up straight. (Does so.) Take a couple deep breaths. (Does so.) Look confident. (Does so as Rachel opens the door and startles him.)
 Joey:I uh I just came by because I-I want to talk to you about something.
 Joey:Here? In the hall? What are we animals?
 Joey:Okay umm I just came by to tell you that I…want to have dinner with you tonight. That’s all.
 Joey:Okay. That’s good. Okay that give you a couple hours to prepare what you’re gonna say. Good. Yeah. (Someone comes out of his apartment and it startles Joey again.) Don’t you people ever knock?!
 Joey:What? Yeah! Sure! Uh look at the uh the reason…(Exhales slowly)—Is it hot in here?
 Joey:I would but this is a nice place and my T-shirt has a picture of Calvin doing Hobbs.
 Joey:Yeah. Sure. (They both half stand up Joey pulls the neck of his sweater out and Rachel looks down it to see his T-shirt.)
 Joey:Uh… How long have we known each other?
 Joey:Uh-huh long time.
 Joey:But over the past few weeks…
 Joey:Actually uh could you give us a second?
 Joey:I’m not quite sure.
 Joey:Yeah here we are. Uhh… I… I think I’m…falling in love with you.
 Joey:I’m falling in love with you.
 Joey:Does it really matter?
 Joey:Okay look Rach I know this is a lot. You don’t have to say anything. You-you uh you take as much time as you need. (Long pause as Rachel says nothing.) Okay you gotta say something!
 Joey:But. (Hangs his head down.)
 Joey:Yeah-yeah right. That’s okay. That’s fine. That’s uh pretty much what I was expecting. So uh it’s no big deal. All right? I think I’m gonna go. (Stands up.)
 Joey:Don’t start doing that. You can’t do that Rach ‘cause then you’re gonna make me do that. (Starts to cry.) Oh here we go! (Sits down next to her.)
 Joey:Sure!
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey hey! You can’t. Okay? Ever!
 Joey:Oh no-no Rach please don’t be sorry. Okay? Don’t be sorry. (They hug again.) Y’know I was only kidding you.
 Joey:(hearing Rachel and jumping up with his plate) Oh God! That’s Rachel!
 Joey:No-no I can’t! I can’t! Not after the other night it’s just it’s…too weird okay? Don’t tell her I’m here! (Turns to run to the bathroom and his bagel falls off the plate onto the floor.) Don’t eat that! (Runs to the bathroom as Rachel enters.)
 Joey:Yeah a naked bagel game? (Picks up his dropped bagel.) (To Chandler) Dude I don’t know. That’s a pretty small hole.
 Joey:I can’t! Y’know? You guys don’t know what it’s like to put yourself out there like that and just get shot down.
 Joey:All right so so what do I do?
 Joey:Yeah. Okay. (Goes to take a bite out of the previously mentioned bagel.) Whoa! (Stops.) I almost forgot this was on your…
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:So you uh have a…big work problem?
 Joey:Huh. Okay. (Awkward silence.) So uh I think I’m gonna take off.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:What?! Oh my-oh my God!
 Joey:What he wants to buy your baby?!
 Joey:That’s crazy!
 Joey:Okay how did this even happen?
 Joey:Man! When you said it was a problem about your boss and the baby I figured it was something about maternity leave.
 Joey:Do you think you can just buy my friends baby?!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Not a problem. Oh and just so you know that guy’s not going to be bothering you about that baby thing anymore.
 Joey:Let’s just say I took care of it.
 Joey:Don’t worry! Don’t worry. I just told him very nicely You don’t go buying people’s babies so back off!!
 Joey:What?! Why?!
 Joey:And you couldn’t think of anything else?!
 Joey:You lied to me!
 Joey:So? What-what-what happened?
 Joey:I know. I know.
 Joey:Hey you’re right. Yeah it’s kinda been like us again a little bit.
 Joey:Me too. I mean I…haven’t thought at all about how I put myself out there and said all that stuff and how you didn’t feel the same way about me and-and how it was really awkward.
 Joey:So who’s the guy?
 Joey:Well I can promise you at least one person will be crying. (Points to himself) I’m an actor and any actor worth himself can cry on cue. (snaps fingers)
 Joey:Are you kidding me? Watch! (Makes funny faces trying to cry) Well I can’t do it with you guys watching me!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah yeah in honor of their 35th wedding anniversary I had a star named after them.
 Joey:And I got them a book on Karma Sutra for the elderly.
 Joey:I have to go to the bathroom too but I don’t want him complimenting my thing.
 Joey:I know
 Joey:Yeah uh Phoebe! Look umm I want to apologize about before okay? We were being jerks. Parker’s a nice guy and I’d like to get to know him.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:What-what?
 Joey:I know I’m having the worst time. There was a 15-minute line for the buffet and when I finally got up to the plates I slipped on a giant booger!
 Joey:I guess it could’ve been I didn’t really look at it. Y’know I just wiped it on Chandler’s coat and got the hell out of there.
 Joey:Oh hey you should be excited about him. There’s nothing wrong with him he’s a good guy.
 Joey:Yeah. Ya know what I think; I think we were all just being too negative.
 Joey:Actually you have a little bit of an edge.
 Joey:Nothing…
 Joey:(reading) Three down Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That’s me!! I’m blank!!
 Joey:Yeah you are baby.
 Joey:No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me but I said no.
 Joey:Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines and then the writers got mad and made my character fall down the elevator shaft. So who knows what I might say this time.
 Joey:Fine! All right I’ll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y’know start to say something stupid.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh not at all. Happy to do it.
 Joey:(laughs) Actually I didn’t know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn’t have mattered I’m doing this for the fans not for the free food.
 Joey:And I’ll have all the muffins.
 Joey:(He goes into a song and dance number)
 Joey:Oh you said it Mike. (Rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! Theres got to be a better way!
 Joey:(finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow it is easy. (Starts to poor the milk) Now I can have milk everyday.
 Joey:Yeah I guess it is. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship (Smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling and a ladder comes down with flashing colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return 200 years from now you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (Gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up because Adrienne… baby…I’m gonna want to meet her.
 Joey:Shh OK here I come here I come. See Im comin to fix the copier I cant get to the copier Im thinkin what do I do what do I do…so I just watch em have sex. And then I say wait heres my line (Joey from TV) you know thats bad for the paper tray.
 Joey:Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait you see me again. Hang on the guys butts blockin me. There I am there I am there I am there I am there I am…
 Joey:Well there are so many things it’s hard to pick just one.
 Joey:(drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names their boat Coast Guard anyway?
 Joey:What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there. (Points to the coast.)
 Joey:(To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!
 Joey:Dude stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
 Joey:I think you’re right.
 Joey:One.
 Joey:That’s kinda nice.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah!!
 Joey:In my spare time I uh read to the blind. And I’m also a mento for the kids.(The gang shake their heads.) Y’know a mento a role model. (Chandler bites his fist to keep from talking.)
 Joey:Right.
 Joey:Matter of fact I do.
 Joey:Uh we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise.
 Joey:Wow! You realize that weve been throwing this ball without dropping it for like an hour?
 Joey:Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didnt want to say anything cause I didnt want to jinx it.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Oh I-I I think thats the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah my pants are a little loose!
 Joey:Nothing! Well I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before then I uh passed out and uh haven’t been able to stand up since. But um I don’t think it’s anything serious.
 Joey:No way! ‘Kay look if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.) Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
 Joey:I like it.
 Joey:What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Goooooood.
 Joey:The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts ice cream limes—Hey what was in that brown jar?
 Joey:Not anymore.
 Joey:(pulls out a fork) All right what are we havin’? (Starts digging in.)
 Joey:Uhh I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know just everything in moderation.
 Joey:I’ll take those to go. (To the interviewer) For the kids.
 Joey:It was so stupid I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn’t have said. But believe me that’s not gonna happen today.
 Joey:Well I said that I… (The gang jumps up and interrupts him.)
 Joey:You guys this is Shelley she’s interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest and Shelley this are my friends…
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:No thanks.
 Joey:How come you have two?
 Joey:Get out.
 Joey:Wow is this friendship? I think so. Check it out were bracelet buddies.
 Joey:No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.
 Joey:Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!
 Joey:Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
 Joey:I know.
 Joey:All right don’t waste it I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
 Joey:Wow you are a good friend course the audition was this morning and I didnt get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
 Joey:All right. Lets get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket thats over the duck and the laundry basket thats over the chicken.) And theyre off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick stopping it from moving.)
 Joey:Judge rules no violation.
 Joey:And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
 Joey:Judge rules Nutter-Butter.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
 Joey:That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too I’d pee on anyone of you!
 Joey:Umm no. No best friend no. Just a lot of close friends.
 Joey:Really? Me? Wow! I don’t even know any huge gay people!
 Joey:What? Are you referring to my mans bag? At first I thought it just looked good but its practical too. Check it out! Its got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
 Joey:I think face to face.
 Joey:Face to face yeah!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:(grunting) Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!
 Joey:Y’know when we talked about face to face I don’t think we thought it all the way through.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! (He sits down next to her.)
 Joey:Check it out. (He turns around pulls down his pants and shows Phoebe that he’s got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
 Joey:No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.
 Joey:It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it… Oh My God I’m a woman!!!
 Joey:Great nap.
 Joey:Uh me? Gay? No! No. No but I have a number of close friends who are. (Chandler and Ross look at each other.)
 Joey:Oh-oh-oh-oh how I do it is I look a woman up and down and say Hey how you doin’?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Hey how you doin’?
 Joey:Hey! How you doin’?
 Joey:I’d love to show ya but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch lands on the car cover and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
 Joey:Hey (in the Joey voice) how you doin’?
 Joey:Oh! I see what happened. Its because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me youd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
 Joey:Oh I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
 Joey:What?!?! Oh dear God!
 Joey:Not much to tell there I’m really shy.
 Joey:Oh great! Great! Thank you. (They shake hands.)
 Joey:Bye-bye. (The interviewer leaves and he sits down with the rest of the gang.) I did it!
 Joey:Oh I don’t watch soap operas. Excuse me I have a life y’know?
 Joey:Oh good to know. (The interviewer leaves.) So close!
 Joey:Yeah I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.
 Joey:Little bit yeah.
 Joey:Oh yeah that’s just a little something for my huge gay fan base. (Winks at him.)
 Joey:Hey you’re the one that loves the picture.
 Joey:Oh no I can’t go. I’m practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah and if I get it by day I’ll (In a sexy voice) Dr. Drake Remoray but by night I’ll be (In an announcer’s voice) Joey Trrrribbiani!
 Joey:But the audition’s in a couple hours and I don’t even understand the game.
 Joey:Oh really? That’d be great! You guys can be the contestants!
 Joey:(announcer voice) All right! Let’s play Bamboozled!
 Joey:Yeah isn’t that a cool name?
 Joey:All right. Uhh okay. Our first contestant is Ross Geller. Why don’t you tell us a little something about you Ross?
 Joey:I said a little bit Ross. Now how about you Chandler?
 Joey:Excellent! Let’s play Bamboozled! Chandler you’ll go first. What is the capital of Columbia?
 Joey:It’s Ba-go-ta but close enough. Now you can either pass your turn to Ross or pick a Wicked Wango card.
 Joey:I should know that. Let’s see just one moment please. Umm here we are a Wicked Wango card determines whether you go higher or lower.
 Joey:This is embarrassing. (Looks it up.)
 Joey:All right Ross you’re in the lead would you like to take another question or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
 Joey:Okay this is gonna be tough. Hold your breath.
 Joey:No dude you gotta hold your breath until you’re ready to answer the question.
 Joey:Okay what do you have a fear of if you suffer from this phobia Tris…Holy cow that’s a big word. Trisc… Seriously look at this thing. Chandler how do you say that?
 Joey:This one right here. (Ross whines.)
 Joey:No! No fear of the number 13.
 Joey:All right Chandler you’re up.
 Joey:All right. Chandler you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.
 Joey:You-you must choose Mr. Bing.
 Joey:Choose you jackass!
 Joey:Okay you picked the Gimmie card! You get all of Ross’s points!
 Joey:(To Chandler) In what John Houston film would you hear this line Badges? We don’t need no stinkin’ badges!
 Joey:Correct! There’s a possible backwards bonus!
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:Wise choice how many rungs?
 Joey:(makes a sound like a monkey) That noise can only me one thing.
 Joey:Okay it’s an audio question name this television theme song. (Starts humming the theme to I Dream of Genie.)
 Joey:Yes! Yes you’re back in the lead!
 Joey:All right! All right! Uh umm Super-Speedy Speed round!
 Joey:Of course!
 Joey:Who invented bifocals?
 Joey:Correct! Which monarch has ruled Great Britain the longest?
 Joey:Correct again! But you forgot to switch legs between questions so no hopping bonus!
 Joey:Now over to Chandler.
 Joey:Are you sure?
 Joey:Oh my God! Congratulations Ross because Chandler you’ve been Bamboozled!
 Joey:(announcer voice) It’s a pleasure to meet you Ray.
 Joey:(announcer voice) Rightie-O Ray!
 Joey:(to the camera) Hello I’m Joey Tribbiani! Let’s play Bamboozled! Erin you get the first question! In hockey who is known as The Great One?
 Joey:Correct! Now would you like to pick a Wicked Wango card or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
 Joey:What—Why?!
 Joey:Well what’s complicated? You spin the Wheel of Mayhem to go up the Ladder of Chance. You go past the Mud Hut through the Rainbow Ring to get to the Golden Monkey; you yank his tail and boom! You’re in Paradise Pond!
 Joey:Well what’s fun about that? You expect me to be the host of a boring game that’s just people standing around answering questions?
 Joey:(announcer voice to the camera) Let’s play Bamboozled!
 Joey:Man this is bad! And I’ve had my share of bad reviews. I still remember my first good one though. (Quoting) Everything else in this production of Our Town was simply terrible. Joey Tribbiani was abysmal.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah Monica! You listen to me okay? And I’m not just saying this because I’m your friend I’m sayin’ it ‘cause it’s the truth. You’re food is abysmal!
 Joey:(entering) Hey uh Monica I can’t remember. Did we say we were gonna meet here or at the movies?
 Joey:Okay I’ll see you there. (Starts to leave)
 Joey:Sure I can hang out ‘til I have to meet ya. (To Chandler) What uh—How come you’re not going?
 Joey:I thought you already have a job.
 Joey:Wow! How do you know how to do that?!
 Joey:What is it?
 Joey:You cooked him?
 Joey:Either eat it or be in it.
 Joey:Thata girl! Huh? We should get out of here; there’s a new class comin’ in.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:When you say used do you mean eat as a pre-cooking snack?
 Joey:Cheese makes me thirsty.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:I can an A? In-in school? (To Joey) Hey I’m a dork.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I don’t want to go. I’m having fun.
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey if my friend says it’s time to go it’s time to go. (Starts to leave but comes back for his cookies.)
 Joey:Well I had a great time! Learned how to bake ate great food that’s the first A I’ve gotten since seventh grade and I didn’t have to sleep with the teacher this time.
 Joey:What the hell!
 Joey:Yeah this was a stupid idea. (Exits.)
 Joey:Oh it’s a poster for that World War I movie that I’m in check it out.
 Joey:Uh-huh! I know. I’m coming soon to a theater near you! I’m in THX! I’m unsuitable for children!
 Joey:Yeah yeah it’s already generating Oscar buzz.
 Joey:I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you’re all invited! (They all gasp.)
 Joey:Sure! Why not?!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:One guest? You told me I can have six tickets!
 Joey:Oh my God. So that’s it?! I only get to bring one guest?
 Joey:(to Monica Chandler and Phoebe) Did you hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere. So some how I have to pick between you three and Ross.
 Joey:You said you didn’t want to go.
 Joey:Definitely not invisible.
 Joey:Well uh…I think I want to take Chandler.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! I mean I’m sorry I wish I can take everybody but y’know Chandler always supported my career. He’s paid for acting classes and head shots and stuff and well this will be my way of paying you back.
 Joey:It’s not just the stuff he paid for I mean it’s-it’s everything. Y’know? He read lines with me. He-he went with me on auditions when I was really nervous and then he consoled me after I didn’t get parts that I really wanted. You always believed in me man. Even even when I didn’t believe in myself.
 Joey:Thanks. That means a lot to me.
 Joey:(in a manly voice) I’m gonna go shave. (Gets up.)
 Joey:A little tall.
 Joey:Do you mind crouching down a little bit so that I look taller? (Chandler does so) There you go. (And they walk down the red carpet.)
 Joey:(onscreen) I thought I knew who the enemy was but it was you all along.
 Joey:(To Chandler) Okay this is it. It’s my big fight scene coming up. (He looks over and Chandler and notices that he’s asleep.)
 Joey:You liked it? You really liked it?
 Joey:Which part exactly?
 Joey:Oh no-no-no give me some specifics.
 Joey:Hey what about the scene with the kangaroo? Did-did you like that part?
 Joey:You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn’t take any of my suggestions! That’s for coming buddy. I’ll see you later. (Starts to walk out.)
 Joey:Hey! Sleeping beauty!
 Joey:(in a baby voice) Oh no were you upset? Did you lose sleep?
 Joey:Uh-huh look the only reason I can over here was to settle things between us! Okay? You’ve done a lot for me and my career I wanted to pay you back so I took you to the premiere but you missed it! Okay so how much do I owe you?
 Joey:Give me a number I don’t want to owe you anything!
 Joey:Ah-ah-ah! We’re doing this! Okay now you got me my first set of head shots. Right how much were those?
 Joey:Okay five hundred dollars. What else?
 Joey:Okay so that’s another five hundred. Five hundred and five hundred that’s… (Pauses to figure it out.)
 Joey:Please!
 Joey:All right what else?
 Joey:Which we’re still keeping under our hats!
 Joey:What the hell are you talking about (in a Jamaican accent) The south will rise again man.
 Joey:Yeah. Okay what else? Rent!
 Joey:Okay. Okay so I’m writing you a check for…So you fell asleep during my movie. Big deal right? How do you clear this thing?
 Joey:Hey! You made it!
 Joey:You’re ready to have a baby? My boy’s all grown up!
 Joey:(voice all high and weird) What?! Are you crazy?!
 Joey:God. He’s crazy! Why doesn’t he want to be with Rachel?
 Joey:I mean seriously she’s like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down but if she hadn’t and wanted to be with me I would take her in my arms and… (Realizes everyone is staring.) I haven’t bummed you guys out like this in a while have I?
 Joey:Come on you stupid machine! Come on!
 Joey:(looking at her) No.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Hey I got one! I got one!
 Joey:(standing behind her) Uh you gotta press the button. (Does so.)
 Joey:(walks up) Uh she’s with me. (Introduces himself) Dr. Drake Remoray.
 Joey:Remoray. It’s Portuguese. We need that information; I’m a doctor.
 Joey:Damnit woman we’re losing precious time! Now do you want this man’s blood on your head?
 Joey:Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant described is staying in. He’s a patient of mine I’ve been treating him for years!
 Joey:816 thank you!
 Joey:And what is his name?
 Joey:Great! Go get him.
 Joey:(looks in the window) He’s not really my type.
 Joey:But you said he was this great guy!
 Joey:You do attract some stinkers.
 Joey:Hi! I’m Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few routine questions I need to ask you.
 Joey:I know but I’m a neurologist. And just to be on the safe side Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he sent me.
 Joey:That was a test. Good response. All right full name.
 Joey:Date of birth?
 Joey:Age?
 Joey:I’m a doctor Cliff not a mathematician.
 Joey:Okay. And uh are you married.
 Joey:Oh really? So 33 and still single would you say you have commitment issues?
 Joey:(checking the list) Yes.
 Joey:Oh that’s terrible. I’m-I’m really sorry.
 Joey:Hmm. Do you sleep with women and never call them again?
 Joey:Excellent! Excellent! And uh finally are you into any weird stuff y’know sexually?
 Joey:Oooh wrong answer. (Exits.)
 Joey:Uh well he’s 33.
 Joey:A widower.
 Joey:He seemed like a stand up guy. Oh and he’s not into anything weird sexually.
 Joey:(entering) Rachel’s having her baby!! (Phoebe turns and looks at him.) Which is of no interest to me I’m a neurologist.
 Joey:Fake? Excuse me? Hello? (Taps the TV screen.)
 Joey:Uh if I may? Umm-umm look Cliff you told me a lot of personal stuff about you right? And maybe-maybe it would if-if would help if-if you knew some personal stuff about her. Uh she was married to a gay ice dancer. Uh she gave birth to her brother’s triplets. Oh! Oh! Her-her twin sister used to do porn!
 Joey:Right!
 Joey:Me neither.
 Joey:There she is!
 Joey:(taking the baby) She looks so real! (The gang looks at him.) Y’know what I mean! She’s this whole tiny little person. She already has eyelashes and knees and…uh-oh.
 Joey:Oh no-no no for I second there I counted six fingers but one was from the other hand so we’re good.
 Joey:What’s the matter now?
 Joey:What was the other one Ross?
 Joey:Hey. I just saw a woman breast feeding both of her twins at the same time; it is like a freak show up here. (Notices she’s wiping her eyes.) What’s the matter?
 Joey:What is it? Hey!
 Joey:Rach come on what?
 Joey:What are you talking about alone? What about Ross?
 Joey:Okay how long was I watching that woman?
 Joey:Yeah I guess so.
 Joey:Hey listen to me listen to me…you are never ever gonna be alone. Okay? I promise that’s not gonna happen.
 Joey:You don’t have to worry about that okay?
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:My God.
 Joey:Uh… Look Rach…(Ross enters.) Hey Ross is here! Hey look! It’s my good friend Ross. Hey Ross.
 Joey:Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross but I’m really more of a candy guy. (Laughs.)
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry. I meant no.
 Joey:Oh hey but before you guys do that (To Rachel) I need to talk to you and Ross I need to talk to you.
 Joey:(taking Chandler aside) Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second?
 Joey:Dude I just did something terrible.
 Joey:No! No that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!
 Joey:Because it kinda looked like I did.
 Joey:Okay well I was down on one knee with the ring in my hand…
 Joey:It wasn’t my ring! It fell out of Ross’s jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
 Joey:I guess.
 Joey:I know! I know it’s awful.
 Joey:(happily) She said yes.
 Joey:Oh God what the hell am I going to tell him?
 Joey:Oh I like that. Yeah…
 Joey:(laughs) Now let’s not get carried away. (He walks away as Monica comes over and hugs Chandler from behind.)
 Joey:(entering) Oh uh hey Pheebs. Uh y’know what? I’ll-I’ll come back later. (He goes to leave but runs into Ross who’s entering.)
 Joey:It can’t be me I’m standing right here.
 Joey:(To Ross) We’re not peeking? (Follows him.)
 Joey:Hey uh is it okay to come in?
 Joey:Yeah uh look Rach there’s something I gotta tell ya.
 Joey:(watching) Yowsa! (Looks away.)
 Joey:Dear Lord.
 Joey:Oh uh-uh yeah I think that…
 Joey:Y’know I don’t really know her.
 Joey:(To God) Are you kidding me?!
 Joey:I don’t know! Maybe she’s crazy! (Storms out.)
 Joey:No! She had the ring on she seemed so excited and then she took her breast out.
 Joey:I didn’t look at it. Stupid baby’s head was blocking most of it.
 Joey:Look it’s not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don’t want to hurt her.
 Joey:You’re right. You’re right. I-I’ll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I’ll be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh by the way. Two people screwing in there (Points to the closet Chandler and Monica were in) if you want to check that out.
 Joey:I can come back.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Actually technically I didn’t.
 Joey:No! No and I did not ask her to marry me!
 Joey:No I didn’t!
 Joey:No I didn’t!
 Joey:Ahhh!
 Joey:Yeah. Yeah that looks bad. But I didn’t…I didn’t propose!
 Joey:Okay the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
 Joey:No I didn’t!
 Joey:No I didn’t!
 Joey:Well I tried but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
 Joey:(To Ross) I’ll tell you about it later. Be cool.
 Joey:It wasn’t my ring! It’s Ross’s ring! That’s why I felt so bad Rach because he was going to propose.
 Joey:Well this is awkward. {See? I told you so.}
 Joey:Dude step up! I proposed.
 Joey:Oh that’s right. There’s a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier.
 Joey:I can’t believe you’re not going to propose!
 Joey:Oh yeah dude I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
 Joey:(looking at the ceiling) Ah it’s beautiful.
 Joey:Y’know what you guys? I’m uh I’m gonna go too. And uh I’m sorry about everything.
 Joey:No Rach I should’ve told you sooner. It’s just that…Man! That kid is going to town! (Joey makes his awkward exit.)
 Joey:(Enters) Hey you guys I’m gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know say goodbye.
 Joey:(He looks around the room) This isn’t the right room sorry folks. (leaves)
 Joey:Why’re you so tired?
 Joey:You know what you should’ve done you should have told yourself that little story.
 Joey:Hey so where’s Ross?
 Joey:Is he still mad at us?
 Joey:That’s not fair! I can’t do that.
 Joey:See this is what I was afraid of I didn’t think I should be here either but somebody (Looks at Chandler) said he’d be over it by now.
 Joey:(entering) Hey. (Ross turns to see who it is and seeing it’s Joey he just ignores him and turns back around.) Ross I know you’re pissed at me but we have to talk about this.
 Joey: Fine fine okay.  But I gotta say technically I didn’t even do anything wrong.
 Joey:I said I didn’t technically.
 Joey:Look can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this (Makes quote marks with his fingers.) I don’t really know what that means. (Ross just looks at him) You were saying?
 Joey:I know I should’ve. (Makes quote marks again.) I’m sorry.
 Joey:No come on Ross! (He grabs his bag so he can’t leave) Look Ross we have to get past this.
 Joey:No look I don’t know what else to do. I said I’m sorry!
 Joey:You should scream at me or-or-or curse me or hit me.
 Joey:Why not?  You’ll feel better!  I’ll feel better and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
 Joey:A little bit.
 Joey:Little bit.
 Joey:(excited) A little bit more.
 Joey:No hit me
 Joey:Hit me.
 Joey:Hit me!
 Joey:(interrupting) Hit me hit me.
 Joey:(shouts) Hit me! Hit me!
 Joey:I’m sorry! It was a reflex!
 Joey:I couldn’t help it! When a fist comes at your face you duck! Look! (He goes to punch Ross expecting him to duck but he doesn’t and Joey punches Ross.   Gunther is amused.)
 Joey:You were supposed to duck!!! Why didn’t you duck?
 Joey:Good good yeah (Grabs the bags) maybe while we’re there they can check your reflexes. (Joey opens the door and it hits Ross in the face with it.) (Makes quote marks.) Oops.
 Joey:Hey so how is it?
 Joey:Your thumb? That’s weird. (Makes a fist.) You sure you’re punching right? Make a fist. (Ross just looks at him with his thumb in a cast.) Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
 Joey:You you want me to help you with that?
 Joey:Name? (Ross looks at him.) I know Ross but what’s it short for? You know like like Rossel or Rosstepher.
 Joey:It’s pretty Okay date of birth?
 Joey:Sure May...tember.
 Joey:Occupation? Dinosaurs.
 Joey:Alright who do you want as your emergency contact?
 Joey:Okay relationship boy this could take a while.
 Joey:Come on you guys are more then that! I mean you’re gonna get together right?
 Joey:But you two were supposed to be together.
 Joey:Come on Ross that didn’t mean anything! She just had the baby she was all freaked out about doing it alone she would have said yes to anybody.
 Joey:So?
 Joey:Wow.
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:And you’re Okay with that?
 Joey:Hey for what it’s worth with Rachel I don’t think you’ll ever be just (Makes quote marks.) anybody.
 Joey:(makes quote marks) Thanks.
 Joey:You know ah I’ve been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya it’s not my fault. It’s a natural instinct.
 Joey:Hey OK great what would you do if I did this? (Swings to punch Chandler he moves and he ends up punching Ross knocking him off the stool. Ross then gets up and just stares at Joey.)
 Joey:How long do you have to go for?
 Joey:A year?!
 Joey:Wait a minute you cant go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot but weve got tickets to the Jets game next week.
 Joey:We were gonna go see the Jets!
 Joey:I cant believe you guys are moving.
 Joey:Here you are (Hands Rachel a cup of coffee)
 Joey:(Laughs)
 Joey:Uhuh.
 Joey:(Laughs)
 Joey:I know yeah. I feel like were all growing up. Person named Wiener God that kills me. (Laughs)
 Joey:Actually you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe Im ready for a more serious relationship. You know? Like Id like to meet a nice mature commitment-minded lady. And looks arent as important as...Nah shes gotta be hot.
 Joey:I can do that yeah. How is Friday?
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:(Laughs) Poophack... (Laughs)
 Joey:(Laughs)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(Realizes that he has forgotten all about the double date) Oh my God!
 Joey:Yeah so you found someone for me. You didnt forget?
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Mike.
 Joey:Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?
 Joey:Why did I have to say Mike? I dont know a Mike! Why couldnt I have said... (Looks through his address book) Theres no guy in there!
 Joey:MIKE!!!
 Joey:(Checks him out) Okay! (Walks over to his table and sits down with him)
 Joey:Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead okay? All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.
 Joey:Atta boy!
 Joey:Okay look...
 Joey:(Laughs) From school.
 Joey:Mike attorney at law!
 Joey:What? Thats the kinda thing you usually run by me.
 Joey:Which is why I waited until now to introduce you to Mike.
 Joey:No no thats not what I meant. Lets get you a cocktail.
 Joey:Yeah thats because we had a bit of a falling out. Mike hit my mom with a car.
 Joey:Thats okay Mike I have forgiven you. And now were friends again everythings great!
 Joey:Please were trying to have a conversation. (Pushes the wine glass closer to Mary Ellen.)
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(Laughs) Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah where we pretend we dont know each other. We played all kinds of games. (To Mike) Hey remember the one where I punch you in the face for not being cool?!
 Joey:What are you doing? I said seven! (Holds up six fingers.) (Realizes his mistake) Argh!!!
 Joey:Because I forgot about our date Im so sorry.
 Joey:Look Phoebe Im so sorry! Hey look if you dont like this guy I can find you a better one. (Looks around) Mike!! Mike!!
 Joey:(To Mary Ellen) Youre leaving too?
 Joey:Good night!
 Joey:(Walks In)
 Joey:Look at this. My two best friends!
 Joey:Im mad at you for leaving! Youre nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.
 Joey:Dude you see right thru me!! (They hug) (Joey heads for the door and pushes Chandlers suitcase on the way out.)
 Joey:(On the phone with Chandler) Double promise? Call me when you land.
 Joey:Okay bye. (He hangs up the phone.)
 Joey:He had to board.
 Joey:Hey this girl wont turn around and I cant tell whether shes hot or not what do you think?
 Joey:Alright thanks Oh hey have you talked to Chandler?
 Joey:how come?
 Joey:oh why dont you fly out there and surprise him.
 Joey:oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through teddy with the attached garters. (Nods)
 Joey:didnt till just now.
 Joey:hot not hot (she turns around) Hot!
 Joey:I said I think youre hot and now Im embarrassed.
 Joey:that wouldve been better Ill try that Hi Im Joey.
 Joey:look I dont usually ask out women that I meet in coffeehouses
 Joey:(turns round) gesundheit
 Joey:really great did I actually ask you?
 Joey:(turns round again) seriously Gunther you should see someone about that cold if it gets much worse you could DIE! (Gunther looks scared)
 Joey:yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that last piece of cake at the restaurant.
 Joey:do you have any cake?
 Joey:(bends down to see and the cactus pricks him in the ass) AWCH! Thats why.
 Joey:(enters) Hey
 Joey:listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
 Joey:well thats not even the weird part. I dont think she remembered sleeping with me.
 Joey:yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable you guys know.
 Joey:and whos fault is that.
 Joey:HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when Im a little bloated I dont feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN IM BETTER THEN MOST!
 Joey:Interesting. all right Ill go out with her again and try to get past it (reaches for the chips) OH SALT BLOATY!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:No. (Pause) wait a minute what was the little mermaid?
 Joey:Uh huh sure yeah. How can you not remember me?
 Joey:How could you not remember that we slept together?
 Joey:I dunno!
 Joey:come on come on search your brain all right. it was (thinks) a certain amount of time ago I was here you were here we had sex (starts pointing out the places) here here here NOT there. Anything?
 Joey:my god woman! How many people do you have to had been with not to remember any of this?
 Joey:Ooooooooooh I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. (Turns back to Hayley) so were good. (She just glares at him) Ill let myself out.
 Joey:(looks at a girl walk in) see ordinarily I would talk to her but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
 Joey:your right! I love my life! (He gets up to go and speak to the girl and he turns back and sits down) I actually did sleep with her.
 Joey:Thursday? But that�s Halloween.
 Joey:[It�s just] So spooky that�s all.
 Joey:I know u-uch.
 Joey:What about me he? Only had one lunch today.
 Joey:No they�re comin� we�re waitin� right here.
 Joey:Maybe we should just eat now.
 Joey:Wha-a how about this Another table leaves right? But there�s still some food left on their place okay what�s the restaurant�s policy about people eatin� that?
 Joey:But it happens? (waiter leaves) I�m gotta go to the bathroom.
 Joey:If you ask me to stay I�ll pee. (leaves)
 Joey:(returns to their old table where elderly people are sitting now sits) Finally you guys made it. (looks up turns left to Phoebe�s chair) Pheebs who the hell�uhuhh!
 Joey:Thank you. (stands up and kisses her lips.) Waiter! �lright this is gonna be fast so try to keep up Risotto with the shaped truffles and the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and that any that stuff I just said means snails. (Hope *I* kept up.)
 Joey:Oh uh again. Can I make a special request Can you bring everything as soon as it�s ready? Appetizers entrees we don�t care.
 Joey:That�s a great story�can I eat it?
 Joey:(mumbling) Never hit a woman. Never hit a woman.
 Joey:Ross bruises like a peach. He bruises like a peach.
 Joey:And remember whatever comes up first. Okay? And hurry because �
 Joey:Son of a bitch!
 Joey:Why are you going? He said she wanted the shrew! (runs after the waiter)
 Joey:(returned) No no it�s okay I already told the waiter what they want.
 Joey:Chandler control your woman!
 Joey:(to Chandler and Monica) Well what is going on with you two?
 Joey:So? Did have sex right?
 Joey:See ya. Well this is just us.
 Joey:Do do you gonna do it now?
 Joey:No-ohoh. (the Bings leave the waiter comes)
 Joey:Nah just me. All alone. (all the food is served) Dinner for six for one uh you boys are about to see something really special.
 Joey:Excellent. The shrew in particular was exclusive.
 Joey:Joey! Joey.
 Joey:That�s the best birthday ever.
 Joey:(in a very aaaaahhhhh sweeeeeet voice) Aaahhh look at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? (Phoebe and Mike embarrassed start babbling and look away.) Have you not talked about it yet? (They say nothing now but smile) Am I making you uncomfortable? (smiles are becoming forced now and he speaks to Mike) If you were bigger youd hit me huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh (he turns away to the bar)
 Joey:(sitting at his table) Oh I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh! (mimes opening a door with his own keys Phoebe looks at him in a yeah yeah yeah way.)
 Joey:Ooh. I-I dont know Chan. Im not so good with remembering lines.
 Joey:I know right? (Chandler has really big eyes and nods) Wh... Wh... Why are we doing this?
 Joey:Seriously? She actually said that?
 Joey:Nooooo! Being funny is your thing!
 Joey:Without that you just got lame with women.
 Joey:(sees Monica) Fire trucks! (Chandlers eyes double in size and he turns to Monica who doesnt understand whats happening. Then he turns back to Joey who says youre welcome without a sound)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(looks surprised) Really...? Guys do that...? Thats... weird...
 Joey:Thats like a woman wanting to be a...
 Joey:Uhm... A penis model. (Monica cant believe whats shes hearing and Ross pats Joey on the back.) Anyway hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the funniest guy youve ever met?
 Joey:Really? Do you not know Chandler?
 Joey:So what? Being funny is Chandlers thing... You know like Rosss thing is... (he cant come up with anything)
 Joey:...No... (he just cant seem to grasp it)
 Joey:Monica you have to do some damage control here okay. Cause hes feeling like... (the door opens and Chandler walks in with a pizza)
 Joey:Heeeyy! Hey!
 Joey:Yeah....
 Joey:Not knowing when to shut up...
 Joey:Yeah! Allright! Hey hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught me Hot-cross Buns.
 Joey:Noooo... Three Blind Mice goes like this... (he puts his fingers in position on the recorder)
 Joey:Me! Im up for puppets!
 Joey:I wanna be mr. Wigglemunch. (and makes a there nod to Ross)
 Joey:(kind of emotional) I am learning so much from you.
 Joey:Allright. See you later!
 Joey:(to Monica) Did that guy really make that joke?
 Joey:Wow! You blow my mind...
 Joey:Aaahh... How much do I owe you?
 Joey:Its like the cheapest college ever.
 Joey:Hey... hey listen... What do you guys know about investments?
 Joey:Well Im starting to make good money on the show and Im thinking... I should probably do something with it.
 Joey:Well I just tape it to the back of my toilet tank. (realises that anyone could have overheard that) I didnt say that! Its in a bank guarded by robots!
 Joey:Uh yeah... This guy at work got me excited about going in on an emu farm. Thatd be kinda cool huh? Pitchin in on the weekends helping to plant the emus...
 Joey:(laughs) Yeah! Right! (points at Monica) People eat birds... Bird meat... Now do they just fly into your mouth or you go to... you go to a restaurant and you say Excuse me Ill have a bucket of fried bird. (laughs again) Or... or maybe just a wing or... (realises...)
 Joey:Real estate huh? Hmmm...
 Joey:Hi Im Joey. This is Chandler.
 Joey:Is there anything we should know about the apartment?
 Joey:Well you seem pretty insulted by that. What? Im not good enough for you?
 Joey:You know what it is? Its a nice place but I gotta see I dont know if I see myself living here. Oh oh oh let me see... (Joey sits down on the couch mimes opening a can and puts his hand down his pants) Yeah I could see it.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Ooh! A tape with a girls name on it. Its probably a sex tape... (realises) Wait a minute... This says Monica... (looks around) And this is Richards apartment... (realises some more)
 Joey:Hey dude whats up?
 Joey:Did you take that tape?
 Joey:I dont know. Whom Im married to?
 Joey:She hot?
 Joey:How did she get me to settle down?
 Joey:Guess I dont know. My experience if a girl says yes to being taped... She doesnt say no to much else I tell ya...
 Joey:(backs off) What? Whoo... What?
 Joey:All right fine... But if I enjoy this you have only yourself to blame... (Chandler turns his back to the TV. Joey puts the tape in the VCR switches it on and watches whats on the tape... Its clearly a american football match with the referees whistle blowing the crowds cheering...)
 Joey:Well its okay its like... its just a football game.
 Joey:Yeah see... you were all worried for nothing.
 Joey:You dont wanna see what I just saw! (at this moment Monica comes home and sees Chandler flat on his back on the floor and Joey pinning him down)
 Joey:(laughs) Monica look... I dont think you and I have any secrets anymore... (Monica keeps looking at Joey) Not ready to joke about it yet okay I see you later. (Joey walks out)
 Joey:wow the parade is really good this year. Man those horses can crap.
 Joey:Oh my God!
 Joey:Yeah! I totally forgot Im supposed to be there. I cant believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm.
 Joey:I guess Im going to have to come up with a really good reason why I wasnt there. The producers are going to be so mad at me. They sat us all down yesterday and said Everyone has to be there at 600 AM sharp that means you Tribbiani. Like.. like I was some kind of idiot.
 Joey:Hey happy Thanksgiving.. Pheebs! <motions her to come over>
 Joey:I.. I.. I need a good lie.
 Joey:No no no I need a good lie to explain why I wasnt at a work thing today.
 Joey:I do not.
 Joey:Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a raccoon came running in went straight for your muffin and I said Hey dont eat that-thats Phoebes and he said.. <pause> He said.. Joey you stink at lying. What am I going to do?
 Joey:Oh great thatd be great. Thank you.
 Joey:Uh.. <forgetting what the work thing was rolls up his sleeve on his right arm and shows Phoebe she looks>
 Joey:Oh.. man..
 Joey:Pheebs I still need some help here
 Joey:Oh.. I dont know why this is so hard for me. you know.. I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor.
 Joey:Hey! How come my plates less fancy then everyone elses? Do you not trust me with a fancy plate?
 Joey:I cant believe I won.
 Joey:Yeah hes lying. He looked down.
 Joey:I lie better then that right?
 Joey:Oh I like that yeah. Wasnt at the parade because I had a family emergency.
 Joey:Arg... Alright Ill take care of it. <throws hands out in the air>
 Joey:Setting the table.
 Joey:ooh oooh..
 Joey:What? Are you out of your mind? Lets throw some jello on them.
 Joey:Actually its not pies its just pie.
 Joey:Hey! I did it. I called my producer. I told him I had a family emergency he totally bought it. Thanks for teaching me how to lie Pheebs.
 Joey:Oh you told her you broke all the plates huh? (Chandler walks back looking angrily at Joey)
 Joey:Uhm... (looks down) Yeah... this uhm... raccoon came in...
 Joey:(impressed) Wow that was great! You really wrote that?
 Joey:I *love* my job.
 Joey:Rach these are for you.
 Joey:No but with this new car smell youll think you do.
 Joey:Uh-huh.
 Joey:And for Ross Mr. Sweet-tooth.
 Joey:Theyre ribbed for *your* pleasure.
 Joey:Ahh wait is Wendy the runner-up Miss Oklahoma?
 Joey:Hey-heeyyy - Look at that its a Christmas miracle!
 Joey:Hey hey uh who did you miss the most?
 Joey:Got ya. (blinks an eye)
 Joey:Mines is to Lilian Myers.
 Joey:(To Gunther who comes over with coffee and a muffin) Thank you!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey: Pheebs have you ever been bitten by a hungry Italian?
 Joey:If you want I could loan you some money?
 Joey:Oh hey how about this? Wanna be an extra on my show?
 Joey:Yeah yeah. The pay is pretty good and you could do it for as long as you need. 
 Joey:Okay now. I gotta tell you being on TV isnt as glamorous and exciting as you think.
 Joey:No it is awesome!
 Joey:She sure does. Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?
 Joey:Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry Im just so used to hitting on the extras. So are you excited about your scene?
 Joey:Oh relax. Dont be. Youll be fine youll be fine. Theyll probably just make you stand in the back.
 Joey:Hey you know what? Dont worry Pheebs! It usually takes me three takes too! (Off the directors look) Alright eight.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Well he can be a little rough around the edges so Im gonna replace a word he used a lot with the word puppy. Okay so he said If your puppy friend doesnt get her puppy act together Im gonna fire her mother-puppy ass.
 Joey:Thats right youre not. Youre a nurse. Youre Nurse With Tray. 
 Joey:No no. Nurse With Tray doesnt know Joey she doesnt have time for friends. She gets in that operating room and she carries that tray to the doctor because if she doesnt people die!
 Joey:(Points to man on operating table) Man With Eye Patch! You get in there and you do your job.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh sometimes we use the same extras for different parts. Its okay. 
 Joey:Maybe you are a nurse but you moonlight as a waitress.
 Joey:Nice.
 Joey:No no. See you and Drake are having a fight. 
 Joey:He slept with you and then never called you.
 Joey:Oh calm down! She means on the show! We need some new extras around here!
 Joey:Please dont fire my friend. Just let me talk to her.
 Joey:Thank you thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow Ill bring you a hat cover up the bald?
 Joey:Hey listen Pheebs. I was just talking to the director and he was thinking maybe this time you dont hit Drake you just wait on the tables?
 Joey:Youre a masseuse. You have a table with a hole in it.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:(To the director) Yeah you can fire her but I would call security she wont go easy.
 Joey:Hey. So wheres Mon?
 Joey:And youre not helping?
 Joey:You damn right I am Ive been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
 Joey:Yeah you too.
 Joey:How do you think shes doing?
 Joey:Man I wish I had a nanny like you.
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:So what you think Im just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? (thinks about it) Yeah sounds about right.
 Joey:Oh man why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told me I cant have it makes me want her even more!
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:Fine. (looks around then focuses on Monica)
 Joey:For a walk.
 Joey:Actually that will be long. You know I really need to organize my thoughts.
 Joey:Allright fine I only have one thought! Its about the hot nanny I gotta see her!
 Joey:Now YOURE telling me I cant see her?? You guys are killing me! Shes forbidden fruit! Its like ... like shes the princess and Im the stable boy ... Why are you doing this huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over there?
 Joey:Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
 Joey:Fine ... mediocre porn
 Joey:Hey Rach so can I sing happy birthday to you now?
 Joey:Oh ... (Starts to sing) Happy birth ... (sees Molly leaving) oh see you later (runs after Molly)
 Joey:So you see Molly what people dont understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of hard work.
 Joey:Oh I didnt go to college.
 Joey:Molly ... people dont study acting ...
 Joey:(upset) Will the stable boy never get the princess??
 Joey:No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know this isnt fair. What makes you think that Im just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Cant you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her and might want something real? (pause) Look the truth is I havent felt this way about anyone since Rachel ok? I didnt think I could ever love again.
 Joey:Ok (admits)
 Joey:Its like my favorite fairy tale come true! (Chandler looks at him) The princess the stable boy and the lesbian!
 Joey:Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer said she thinks I
 Joey:On...?
 Joey:Ok! Stop it you guys! Stop staring! Youre freaking me out!
 Joey:Oh man! I have to get those done too?!
 Joey:Hey hey! You dye your hair!
 Joey:Arghhh! Double standards!
 Joey:Hey. Im here for my eyebrow appointment.
 Joey:Chandler Bing.
 Joey:OK Thanks.
 Joey:Thanks. Do you get a lot of guys in here?
 Joey:Oh good...
 Joey:All right lets just do this.
 Joey:Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! Im all right! Im all right!
 Joey:Hey I need your help.
 Joey:Look Ill get new headshot taken all right so I want to get my eyebrows shaped
 Joey:You may be a sissy but Ill still (pound you out on ground). All right it hurts so bad I could only let her do one
 Joey:All right look you got to help me out ok? Look I have the magic marker I want you to fill in the skinny one so
 Joey:What the hell am I supposed to do!
 Joey:What what.
 Joey:Oh my God!
 Joey:Ok all right no no no no I do I do I do I need your help but Chandler I don�t know if I can take anymore
 Joey:Oh my God! I didn�t feel a thing ! Hey are you still looking for a job because you can tweeze circles around
 Joey:Yeah yeah. Hey they totally match! They look great! They look great! How you doing!
 Joey:Thank you so much.
 Joey:Listen that�s a pretty girly hour we just spent we should add some manly make up for it.
 Joey:Comb my eyelashes.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Ha oh of course.
 Joey:Your eyebrows look weird.
 Joey:Morning roomie!
 Joey:Fifth days a charm.
 Joey:Hey its great having you back. You know stay as long as you want and when does she stop crying all night?
 Joey:Shes probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did last night.
 Joey:No hey its been great.
 Joey:Yeah. And look I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything all my feelings from before are totally over okay? And even if they werent when you accidentally walk in on a woman using a breast pump...
 Joey:Wow! So how are you?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Well actually it...
 Joey:Wow really?
 Joey:Sure I know lots of girls.
 Joey:Ooh names?
 Joey:Hey. I was just gonna get something to eat. You want something?
 Joey:Im fine Im fine its just its just weird whats happening with her and Ross. You know yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
 Joey:Why are they doing this?
 Joey:You know whats crazy? These jars. What is it like two bites in here?
 Joey:I know I know. And when they moved back in together I figured yknow thats where things were headed.
 Joey:Yes and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someones gotta carry on the family name.
 Joey:Yeah because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night Yuck! But we should probably keep it down; shes still in the bedroom.
 Joey:I know; that just pushes them further and further apart.
 Joey:Ooh thats a great plan!
 Joey:Shhh! Not so loud we dont wanna wake up uh...
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:All right! Who is he?
 Joey:Shes this really boring woman. Shes a teacher!
 Joey:Yeah yeah shes really into history and foreign movies... And oh oh she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on who loves puzzles?
 Joey:Oh my god youre right!
 Joey:She even reads for pleasure!
 Joey:What? Im not allowed to know smart women?
 Joey:I met her at the library. I went in to pee.
 Joey:Well okay Ill - Ill just call her and tell her the dates cancelled and find him somebody else.
 Joey:Ooh...I hear thats bad.
 Joey:Ah yes The Plan! (Laughs loudly again but he sounds more like Santa Claus.)
 Joey:Yeah you know its not that fun.
 Joey:Oh great pretty soon theyll be back together.
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:Emma? Hey! Hi!
 Joey:How are ya? How are ya? Where are your babysitters huh? Whys the bedroom door closed?
 Joey:You cant have S-E-X when youre taking care of the B-A-B-I-E!
 Joey:Because you two were having sex!
 Joey:Dont you lie to me! I could tell by Chandlers hair. (To Chandler.) You are so lazy. Cant you get on top for once?
 Joey:Hey! It is unacceptable that you two would have sex with Emma in the next room. Im gonna have to tell Rachel about this.
 Joey:Hey I gotta! Unless...
 Joey:Unless you name your firstborn child Joey.
 Joey:Hey I may never have kids and somebodys gotta carry on my family name.
 Joey:(BEAT) (Laughs.) You almost had me.
 Joey:Uh-huh.
 Joey:Its easy you just walk in on them having sex.
 Joey:Were geniuses! Yeah look at them look at them theyre really bonding.
 Joey:Where?
 Joey:Can you believe theyre still not here?
 Joey:I know Im so bummed. Can we have our free crab cakes now?
 Joey:Weve been stood up. (sniffles) And we want our free crab cakes.
 Joey:Uh ah Monicas pregnant?!
 Joey:Oh thats cool. We have interns at Days Of Our Lives. 
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Wheres Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day. (Monica smiles) ... and I smelled bacon. (taking some)
 Joey:(puzzled) Who did? (Monica looks bewildered)
 Joey:(standing up surprised) She did?
 Joey:(still surprised) I did?
 Joey:I dont know but it sounds great. 
 Joey:With Lennart Haze?
 Joey:Oh my god that is great! That is *** for a play on broadway… and in a real theatre not that little one underneath the dally like last time.
 Joey:Well it must be because I read and I didnt understand a singe word. 
 Joey:Yeah yeah and directing.
 Joey:Yeah hes done some amazing works.
 Joey:(almost laughing) I know. When the monkey hits him in the face with that giant rubber phone. (They all laugh)
 Joey:(sitting down) Dont make me more nervous than I already am!
 Joey:It is so amazing to meet you. (They are shaking hands) Im such a big fan of your work.
 Joey:Tell me about it! Unlimited nights and weekends! 
 Joey:No I-I-I wasnt making fun of you honestly I-I think you were great in those commercials. 
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(regaining confidence) Are you kiddin? When they shoot you out of that cannon…
 Joey:Wow!
 Joey:Oh yah sure.
 Joey:Err I think you know. 
 Joey:I am what you made me. You know what? I could go right now.
 Joey:I cant. Oh I want to long pause but I cant.
 Joey:(understandingly) Oh oh I thought that was your characters name you know I thought you were like an Indian or something you know with a… (He mimes wearing a feather on his head)
 Joey:Ah y-y-youre sure you dont want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent you know Southern (He speaks in what he believes is a Southern accent) I could go right now maaan!
 Joey:(interrupting their conversation) Ah hi ah. Thank you so much for whispering for my benefit but ah look if you just tell me what I did wrong Id just love to work on it and come back and try it again for you. And and also (to Producer #1) How you doing? (to Lennart again) You should please just gimme another chance. I really wanna get better please. 
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I really doubt that. 
 Joey:(suggesting) Couldnt I just sleep with the producer?
 Joey:Well they wanna see me again this afternoon but err well Lennart Haze did not like me. (He sits down) 
 Joey:Well he said I wasnt urgent enough you know and that everything I did was horizontal and I should be more vertical. Oh and he said that I should think less.
 Joey:Wooooooooow (He takes the sneaker) Its like theyre on fire!
 Joey:(determined) I give you $ 500 for them!
 Joey:Hey thatd work on me! Why did I get to buy Mrs. Butterwords? 
 Joey:(entering) I know Im sorry but can I just have a quick second to run to the bathroom?
 Joey:But Im bursting with u-hu!
 Joey:Actually I really need…
 Joey:Yes… ahahaaa (He seems to be in pain)
 Joey:(walking on the spot) I think you know! 
 Joey:I am what you made me! You know what?
 Joey:I could go right now. 
 Joey:(urgent) I oh I cant. I want to but I cant!
 Joey:(disbelieving) I did? 
 Joey:Sure yeah. I dont have time to say thank you because I really gotta go. (He grabs his jacket and limps out of the room)
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Probably wanna know what Im doing…?
 Joey:Yesterday at my audition I really had to pee and apparently having to pee makes me a really good actor. I got a call-back so Im drinking everything. Oh by the way that egg nog in our fridge was great!
 Joey:We gotta get more of that. (He leaves the apartment)
 Joey:(hoping frantically on the spot screaming) I need an answer!
 Joey:You know!
 Joey:I need an answer now! 
 Joey:(screaming) Oh!
 Joey:You knew this all along and you never told me? You never told me? I can never forgive you I can never forgive myself I have nothing to live for – Bang – End Scene!
 Joey:(in pain) Oh thanks thanks! Now I really have to get…
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Id be lying if I said I havent thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend it would be wrong. Good...(He winks)...But wrong.
 Joey:Aww I dont know Monica yknow... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.
 Joey:And I think he would tell you it was a mistake.
 Joey:Oh...how much?
 Joey:Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?
 Joey:Thats right I am! (Opens drawer and rummages through it. Rachel enters)
 Joey:Oo...whats in the bag?
 Joey:Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Yknow when I was a kid it was like.. Whoops! Joey fell down the stairs! or er.. Whoops! Joey electrocuted himself again! Huh!
 Joey:Youre gonna do it?
 Joey:Oh women can. You cant.
 Joey:The hardware store is right down the street.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I thought you didnt have secrets from Monica.
 Joey:Yeah I know.
 Joey:Err... I just figured it out! You know I mean youre not working and the economy is bad.
 Joey:(to himself) Thats the fastest I have ever thought!
 Joey:Oh! Sure! How much? Two thousand dollars?
 Joey:Err...Well I...Know how much you used to make and I know how much your rent is. (shrugs)
 Joey:(To himself) I am on fire!
 Joey:Err... Kind of.
 Joey:Oh no no no no no... It wasnt... It wasnt because of your money problems it was for something for her.
 Joey:Something personal.
 Joey:Boob job.
 Joey:Well its...Its not that crazy okay? Making them smaller that would be crazy.
 Joey:Rach?! (He walks over to the fridge to put it in but it cannot be opened either) Rachel!!!!? (He walks to the bathroom and tries to lift the toilet seat cover. It wont come up.) So I cant do anything I like????
 Joey:Because she is!
 Joey:Mmmm hmm! For your boob job!
 Joey:OK so Im out four thousand dollars and nobodys boobs are getting any bigger?
 Joey:Hey uh where do you guys want this?
 Joey:(voice strained) Couldnt have this conversation down at the truck huh?
 Joey:AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright... (He takes a box out about to close fridge then thinks.) Better take all I can carry. Who knows when ill be able to get in here again!
 Joey:Hey Ross check this out! (he tries to spin a basketball on his fingertip but he throws it against a table) yeah I cant do that!
 Joey:Hey! (he throws the basketball against a table again)
 Joey:(he stops Chandler from posting the message) No no no... what do... you cant do that to him!
 Joey:Dude! (he opens his arms to receive the ball from Ross hands)
 Joey:(after Ross leaves the room) aaand SEND! (he hits the send button)
 Joey:Oh it was a lot of fun right up until Chandler got a finger in the eye!
 Joey:Chandler... hey... (he goes towards his room but he stops near Emmas cot) Rach... whats Hugsy doin in the crib with Emma? (he looks puzzled)
 Joey:(still very puzzled) Oh yeah... of course... yeah... its a stuffed animal... you know... its for kids... not for adults... I know that!
 Joey:Rachel... lets be clear on this ok? I do not love Hugsy. I like him a normal amount...
 Joey:Why wouldnt she? Hes a wonderful person!
 Joey:Look at you all sweet and innocent sleeping like an angel... with Emmas chubby little hands wrapped around ya. (he picks up Hugsy) Its okay Emma you stay asleep. (Emma cries)
 Joey:Its okay its okay Rach its me. Put down the scrunchy.
 Joey:Well I heard Emma stirring so I came to make sure she could reach Hugsy.
 Joey:(placing Hugsy back in the crib) There you go sweetie... (to Emma) This isnt over.
 Joey:Hey look whos here! Its Joey and he brought home a friend.
 Joey:No no its not a girl its... a brand new Hugsy!
 Joey:No no Emma has one Hugsy the new Hugsy huh? The other Hugsy I dont know I guess Ill just take it back.
 Joey:Make the transfer! (She does so)
 Joey:Oh no dont worry about that I swallowed that years ago.
 Joey:But hes the same.
 Joey:But hes the same.
 Joey:Hes the same!
 Joey:(to the new Hugsy) Youre not the same!
 Joey:Original or crappy?
 Joey:No sorry havent seen him.
 Joey:Its Monica ok?
 Joey:Alright!! Fine! Its original Hugsy! No now I know that Emma wants him but hes mine and I need him..
 Joey:... shes being unreasonable!
 Joey:It does?
 Joey:Really? She... she loves me?
 Joey:Ok wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute I mean Rach I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then... well she can have him.
 Joey:Look forget it forget it... I cant do it.
 Joey:How do you think I got him in the first place?
 Joey:Monica hey can I borrow the Porsche?
 Joey:Alright!
 Joey:(abashed) A place to entertain my lady friends.
 Joey:(even more abashed) A place to eat spaghetti.
 Joey:Oh well the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they dont sell tickets here in New York so...
 Joey:(hesitates for a moment)Yeah Connecticut...Not West Virginia.
 Joey:Uh!
 Joey:Seriously Ross you dont want in on this?
 Joey:I like those odds!
 Joey:(who wasnt paying attention)Whats that now?
 Joey:(sounding panicky)Oh my god Ross! You dont have Emma! And Rachel you dont have Emma! (Starts yelling) Wheres Emma? Who has Emma!?
 Joey:(not yelling anymore)I was?
 Joey:I did?
 Joey:Oh yeah! The casserole lady.
 Joey:Ooh! Tough odds!
 Joey:(smiling)Look whos coming around!
 Joey:(excited)Did you get it?
 Joey:(Still excited)By you!?
 Joey:Ill do it!! Itll get the casserole stink off of mine.
 Joey:I cant tell you what Im wishing for! Else...you know...wont come true!
 Joey:Cant really say!
 Joey:(slightly irritated)Im not really comfortable with these questions!
 Joey:I won hey!
 Joey:Seriously thats your fantasy? To invest it?
 Joey:Ooh ooh I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!
 Joey:Oh you will when I pick you as starting forward.
 Joey:Youre not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I cant believe youre taking this away from me!
 Joey:Dude Im sorry. But hey theres one spot left right?
 Joey:I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut when did you even get those?
 Joey:(to Ross) Ill show you how.
 Joey:Yeah I want my tickets too (takes the bowl from Rachel)! And Im buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff ah ah!
 Joey:Hey if anybody gets extra tickets it should be me! This all thing was my idea! (takes the bowl from Monica)
 Joey:(in pain) Oh!
 Joey:No no! (they all go towards the balcony but they get jammed in the window)
 Joey:(sitting on the sofa in front of the tv) Rach come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God I can already feel myself changing.
 Joey:And what did she say?
 Joey:(checking the last ticket) Damnit! anybody got anything?
 Joey:(to Chandler) Hey that is so great about the job.
 Joey:And I like to think I had a little something to do with it.
 Joey:Well before with the wishbone... I didnt wish we would win the lottery I wished youd get the job.
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:Me too.
 Joey:(sitting in a chair) Hey guys so I just called the Powerball hotline can you believe it? Nobody won.
 Joey:(talking to a pineapple in his hand) God youre beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do.
 Joey:I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
 Joey:Oh ehm...Im...Im rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. Its the first time my characters got one. Im so nervous you know I really want it to be good!
 Joey:Yeah that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh hey!Dyou want to come down to the set and tell me if Im doing ok?
 Joey:Yeah!Hey you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again.
 Joey:Right!(he starts to ape her)Oh my God is this the mens room? Oh I feel so foolish have you always known you wanted to be an actor? (he inclines his head as if to look at a mans private parts)
 Joey:I dont know but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
 Joey:Also so gay!
 Joey:Well at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff!
 Joey:Oh wish me luck!
 Joey:Rach I gotta say...if you werent here wondering if these guys were gay I dont know if I could do this!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh you know the writing was good and the director is good and... and my co-stars good but theyre not as good as me!
 Joey:Ow Im just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me?
 Joey:Oh all right I can ask Monica.
 Joey:Right... (pause) ok so just from the top of the page right here.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Ah Rach it doesnt say that!
 Joey:but but..
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all!
 Joey:I was making a peanut butter smoothy right?
 Joey:And I couldnt find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be right...? Turns out very!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Oh...I dont think its going very well...
 Joey:Well Im feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow...
 Joey:A little. Yeah no I really am worried you know I mean I have to make it convincing that Im in love with Olivia.
 Joey:So...Ive never played that!
 Joey:Uh...well...just once...with you...
 Joey:(looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about??
 Joey:(approvingly) Oh! ok yeah I think I can do that. Yeah ok theres this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her but he cant... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you but you didnt know so I would just pretend everything was cool but really it was killing me.
 Joey:Well.. hey you know what else I could use? Theres a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivias bedroom and she doesnt know hes there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldnt be there but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up when I would think to myself my God she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you.
 Joey:(excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room)
 Joey:(enters the room) Hey you guys what are you doing tomorrow night?
 Joey:Look my agent hooked me up with six tickets to a great play.
 Joey:Its a one-woman play called Why dont you like me a bitter womans journey through life.
 Joey:You guys are gonna have a great time I promise!
 Joey:I wish I could but I just found out that I have to be at work really early the next day so I cant go but you know take the extra ticket and invite whoever you want.
 Joey:(lifts Rachel up and moves her behind him so she can walk on) Hey here you go.
 Joey:(entering the room) Hey!
 Joey:Whats happenin?
 Joey:Oh Id love to but I gotta get up so early the next day and so you know me work comes first
 Joey:(yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!!
 Joey:Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Lifes people.
 Joey:I do it every year.
 Joey:I didnt have to tell you that!! Im stupider than Jane Rogers!!
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:(Smiling) I cant believe you guys went for that one!
 Joey:Youre fine ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people!
 Joey:(speaking aloud) Please I was trying to be nice youre the worst one!
 Joey:Ok ok! Fine! You can come but dont tell anybody else. Its up on the roof at 8.
 Joey:(sounds tired) Hey you guys Im turning in. Have fun.
 Joey:What party?
 Joey:(looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean...
 Joey:(to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves)
 Joey:(To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey glad you could make it (Shakes a mans hand) Thanks for coming.
 Joey:Hey thats why I didnt invite you. you have to calm down alright... go go get yourself a drink or something...
 Joey:Hey Ross this is one of my co-stars Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands)
 Joey:Its a science.
 Joey:Hey Ross listen Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together or...
 Joey:Monica!
 Joey:(To Rachel) What have you got there?
 Joey:Ah let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn thats a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
 Joey:(browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guys Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult ok and it costs you 5000$ to get to level three and I dont feel any different.
 Joey:(discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass pass oh pass double-pass pass...
 Joey:Nothing major its just that you know theyre not really good enough for you and you deserve the best.
 Joey:Thats true. But you know what it doesnt matter because I already know who youre gonna go home with tonight.
 Joey:Me.
 Joey:Yes cause we live together thats a joke!
 Joey:Gotcha.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah! She is cool and shes so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious (which being Joey he mispronounces amonious). (pause) Thats not how she used it...?
 Joey:Hey if you wanna grab a bite before work wed better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close?
 Joey:(sipping red wine from a glass) Who says that wine has to cost more than milk!
 Joey:Heeey!
 Joey:Come on in how are ya?
 Joey:Can I offer you a drink?
 Joey:Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too today I had to open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh!
 Joey:Hey if you need a tour guide... (point to himself)
 Joey:Yeah definitely definitely. Ok what do you wanna see first?
 Joey:(looking puzzled and nodding) Ok!
 Joey:I know yeah!
 Joey:Ok let me stop you right there. The Mets suck ok? You wanna see the Yankees.
 Joey:Which one they all suck!
 Joey:(looking puzzled) I dont think so.
 Joey:Ross!
 Joey:I need to talk to you about Charlie.
 Joey:Yeah Im... Im kind of having a little problem.
 Joey:No look you know Charlie right? Shes cool shes funny her body is soo...
 Joey:Yes. Its just that shes so much smarter than all the girls Ive ever dated! Combined! I dont want her to think Im stupid!
 Joey:(checking) EH what do you know!
 Joey:Right right right well she wants to go to all this cultural places and I dont know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
 Joey:Please cmon youre the smartest person I know and I really like this girl ok I dont wanna lose her.
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:The Metsss!
 Joey:(realizing) Oh thats what she meant! (pause) You know if theyre gonna shorten it they should call it the MUSE! You know short for museum and avoid all the confusion!
 Joey:Ok all right so Ill take her to the MET.
 Joey:Geez sounds like you should be going on this date!
 Joey:Whoa whoa whoa! Slow down you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET ok?
 Joey:You got to tell me exactly what to do there.
 Joey:Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! So I walk in the door and make the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joeys arm to the right and Joey nods)
 Joey:(gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors as his elusive subject was light itself.
 Joey:(shaking his head as if to say of course not!) No no my mouth says the words my brain is thinking monster trucks!
 Joey:Phonetically? (Looks confused)
 Joey:Ok.
 Joey:Ah! Im an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on Days I had to say Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy.
 Joey:No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I guess it means youre gonna get eaten by a bear.
 Joey:Ok Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it its really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the imaginary painting).
 Joey:Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(to Charlie) Youre ready?
 Joey:(aside to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked you hooked me up.
 Joey:Although some of that stuff wasnt where you said it was gonna be but... (confidently) I made it work.
 Joey:So you need someone who knows fashion to tell you what looks good.
 Joey:Oh hey Rach!
 Joey:Maybe you could take Charlie shopping.
 Joey:Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah shes the one who taught me you dont wear white after labour day and that you always always always have to put on underwear when youre trying on clothes.
 Joey:(to Charlie) Ok youre gonna come back with some very classy clothes... (aside to Rachel)... and some slutty lingerie SLUTTY!
 Joey:Whats the matter Pheebs?
 Joey:Oh aint that nice? The three of you trying on slutty lingerie together.
 Joey:Why would you ruin it who was that hurtin?
 Joey:(to Charlie) Alright have a good time. (they kiss)
 Joey:Just... seeing what itd be like to be a paleontologist... its fun yeah!
 Joey:Bye.
 Joey:All right so. How did it go at the fertility clinic?
 Joey:So youre ruling out surrogacy?
 Joey:So I dont have to learn what that means?
 Joey:Enough said Im there for you man. Where is she upstairs?
 Joey:Come on Ross be a good guy. Step up and do it!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:No. no... eh... she went shopping with Rachel. Why? Whats up?
 Joey:Oh! Hows it going?
 Joey:What!? But I already bought my ticket to Bermuda!
 Joey:Fine Ill rent a car and drive...! Ross you have to get that job!
 Joey:Well just wake him up!
 Joey:Uh! Thats a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute this happened to me before! Yeah I was auditioning for a play and the producer fell asleep and... (pause) no wait a minute... it was me who fell asleep... Yeah I mean hey Shakespeare how about a chase scene once in a while!?
 Joey:(impressed) Wow! You look... (drops the cookie)... stop-eating hot! Which is like the highest level of hotness!
 Joey:Then dont go!
 Joey:Alright then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my place and Ill get you good and drunk!
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Im all packed and ready to go!
 Joey:Mmh-mmh.
 Joey:Barbados!
 Joey:All right lets do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie have a couple of drinks get under that blanket and do what comes naturally.
 Joey:I know there are gonna be some pasty folks by the pool tomorrow! (A woman goes towards them)
 Joey:(to Charlie) I think Ive been recognized this happens all the time!
 Joey:That... never happens...
 Joey:No God no! No! No no Im an actor. Youd probably recognize me from a little show called The Days of Our Lives.
 Joey:(thinking hes kidding) Ok Ross! Its... Its fun yeah! No I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.
 Joey:You dont own a TV? Whats all your furniture pointed at??
 Joey:Yeah! How you doin? Yeah alright!
 Joey:Hey hey! You said youre gonna wear a thong wheres the thong?
 Joey:You really should have been more clear about that!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh! ah! eh... Britney Spears!?
 Joey:You could say Hey Kenny how come youre not Britney Spears? (looks at Ross matter-of-factly)
 Joey:Wha...? Youre gonna go now? I thought we could hang out?
 Joey:(smiling) Will you wear a thong?
 Joey:Oh... you got yourself a very weird deal!
 Joey:Yeah yeah. Ive got tons of stuff I could do. Im gonna hit the beach go swimming...
 Joey:No why?
 Joey:Oh man!
 Joey:I wasnt gonna swim I was gonna dig a hole! (removes a small plastic spade used by children to play on the beach from his backpack)
 Joey:Oh! Hey! Thank God you guys are here!
 Joey:Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
 Joey:Come on Ill show you guys where to check in (Joey Chandler and David leave)
 Joey:Hey guys!
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:Oh what did someone outbid you for the teapot? (Chandler looks annoyed at him and Joey leans in to him) Oh! Secret teapot?
 Joey:Its really gone?
 Joey:I could teach you a speech that I memorized for auditions.
 Joey:Hey dont worry about that! I mean Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we can.
 Joey:Oh oh! Any chance any of this happened in a Galaxy far far away? (Ross turns aroud and glares at him. Joey and Rachel decide to leave).
 Joey:Im so bored! Stupid rain we... we cant do anything.
 Joey:Hey it hasnt come to that yet.
 Joey:(stopping the waiter) Hey hey hey! Dont mind if I do!
 Joey:Hey Rach do you feel like going to a convention?
 Joey:(walking to a table with many badges on it) I know were not but (he picks up a badge) Frank Medeio and... (picks up another badge) Eva Trorro... womba...
 Joey:Kate Miller it is. (he picks up the Kate Miller badge and sticks it on Rachels breast)
 Joey:In that case should I make sure its on real good? (he does so repeatedly tapping on her breast and stroking it)
 Joey:Well who knew? Pharmacists are fun.
 Joey:Not enough pills in the world Rach. What about you youre the single one seen anybody in there you like?
 Joey:But what about back home anything going on there? Anybody you like?
 Joey:There it is youre blushing!
 Joey:You like someone. Tell me who it is. Who is it? (tickles her a little)
 Joey:Tell me who it is.
 Joey:Come on who? Who do you like? Tell me. Youre not getting away that easy. Who do you like who?
 Joey:What? Why not? Rach who can you not get?
 Joey:(eagerly) Yeah who is that?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Right of course. Hey did you guys finish the speech?
 Joey:Alright hey look and this isnt over because I really wanna know who...
 Joey:Yeah. (they leave)
 Joey:Night.
 Joey:He said erectus!
 Joey:No he really said it.
 Joey:Erectus?
 Joey:Yeah and so funny!
 Joey:Hey! (stands up) As soon as it stops raining we have got to go snorkeling! Some kid told me about the sea turtle and if you blow bubbles in its face it chases ya! (smiles ecstatic)
 Joey:(disappointed) Oh... oh but thats ok Ill find someone else to do it... Ill do it alone but... I dont know what happens if the sea turtle catches you...
 Joey:(interrupting her) Hey! Dont worry about it! It was fine! I ended up having the best time with Rachel! I just felt bad for you stuck in that room working on Rosss speech... (pulls a face)
 Joey:(bewildered) Oh! Oh well! At least were both having fun!
 Joey:Yeah! A little bit yeah...
 Joey:Yeah... I think we do... (sighs with folded arms)... about what?
 Joey:(downhearted) Hey...
 Joey:Uh... Charlie and I broke up.
 Joey:Oh well she said we have nothing in common.
 Joey:No its not we have nothing in common!
 Joey:I mean she should be with someone like... Ross! You know what I mean he uses all those big words too! Man smart people are dull!
 Joey:(laughing sarcastically) Ok Rach!
 Joey:I feel so stupid you know? Why... why do I keep going after the wrong girls?
 Joey:Oh cmon I mean theres you then theres Charlie and its like... (sighs) What the hell is my problem? OH! (He falls back on the bed)
 Joey:(sitting up again) Im telling you Rach Charlie is not right for me!
 Joey:But then who? The waitress I went out with last month? (gives her a meaningful look)
 Joey:(stands up) No-no-no-no no! Who who were you talking about?
 Joey:Ok! All right well... Im gonna see if I can get a room for the night and Ill... Ill see you later!
 Joey:You like me? (shuts the door)
 Joey:(shocked) Thats a huge thing!
 Joey:What... for how long?
 Joey:(outraged) A MONTH??
 Joey:(stands up) I just have one question!
 Joey:(desperate) What the hell are you doin???
 Joey:Uh am I curious? I mean I am as curious as... as... George!!
 Joey:CURIOUS GEORGE (see link)! You know the monkey and the guy with the yellow hat!
 Joey:Yeah he had a paper route.
 Joey:No I know yeah I know were great but Rach no... this... this cant happen!
 Joey:(charmed but then recoiling) NO NO! It cant happen at all!
 Joey:Because... look no one wants this to happen more than me ok? (in a trembling voice) I have gone over this moment in my head a hundred times and not once did I ever say no! (sighs) I couldnt do it to Ross!
 Joey:I know I know! But Ive thought about it a lot since and it just wouldnt be right... (painfully) Im sorry...!
 Joey:NO! No-no-no-no-no-no! Hey! Hey well be fine! Li... hey like you said no big deal!
 Joey:NO BIG DEAL!
 Joey:Yeah! Ill see ya later! Yeah!
 Joey:Ooh... I cant believe Im kissing you. Im kissing Rachel!
 Joey:Well I only said that because of Ross you know. Then I saw him kissing Charlie...
 Joey:Oh my God its Ross. What are we gonna do?
 Joey:No idea what it means.
 Joey:I dont believe this... Have you guys been...
 Joey:Is he gone?
 Joey:Pssst...
 Joey:Well hes with Charlie now.
 Joey:(long pause and he twitches a bit) Youre a pain in my ass Geller!
 Joey:Probably yeah... I mean maybe we should... hold off until we talk to Ross.
 Joey:Yeah I think thatd be best... So so Im gonna... Im gonna take off...
 Joey:(turns around very fast) I like although!
 Joey:Six years? Wow... Its almost as long as highschool...
 Joey:Absolutely! Hes not thinking about you.
 Joey:Im thinking about you...
 Joey:Lets forget about Ross...
 Joey:Whats wrong?
 Joey:Well maybe I can help. (he grabs her head passionately closes his eyes and kisses... Ross in Rachels dress! He realises it too late and when he does pushes Rosss/Rachels head away)
 Joey:Yeah... we really need to talk to Ross...
 Joey:Whoo whoo. Wow its uhm... kinda weird that Im sitting next to Charlie after we broke up.
 Joey:Look does someone mind switching to sit with Charlie?
 Joey:I understand...
 Joey:I guess so. Im just... really nervous.
 Joey:Ooh...
 Joey:Im gonna get the lasagna.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:You kissed.
 Joey:I saw you.
 Joey:Ross Ross Ross... Its okay.
 Joey:Its okay. You know I totally understand alright? You guys make way more sense than her and I ever did you know. And... I want you to be happy.
 Joey:Yeah... Now I have something...
 Joey:Oh... uh... look... before you...
 Joey:I am those things yeah.
 Joey:Dude!
 Joey:I cant think of anything.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I couldnt. He was saying all these really nice things about me. I didnt want him to get mad and take em all back. Im on a edge on Chandler.
 Joey:Thank you. Yeah I appreciate that.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So did you err... did you tell Ross?
 Joey:No no no no no no no no... I think its better if you tell him you know. Its easier for a woman. That way you know if he gets mad all you have to do is go... I didnt mean it. Im so so--ooory. (he pushes his breasts together from the side)
 Joey:Alright alright okay uhm... How bout this how about this? Tomorrow... tomorrow well both go and well tell him together.
 Joey:I know I know... but thats okay. I mean we can control ourselves were not animals.
 Joey:Yeah! Good night! (they give each other a small kiss on the mouth and stare at each other for a while)
 Joey:Good night! (they give each other a kiss again but this time it lasts longer)
 Joey:Stop saying good night.
 Joey:Okay Ross I realise that you didnt expect to walk in and see that but.. Let me explain okay?
 Joey:Rach he just saw us.
 Joey:But what you saw that is the extent of it okay? One kiss.
 Joey:Look we probably should have talked to you about this before it ever happened but..
 Joey:Yeah but it did happen so...
 Joey:Ross?
 Joey:No no no!
 Joey:Probably.
 Joey:No no!
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Ross..
 Joey:Look dont you think that will be a little weird?
 Joey:I do like fajitas.
 Joey:Ah can I just say I know were doing this for Ross and thats cool but if it was up to me this is not what wed be doing on our first date.
 Joey:Id take you out for a romantic night. Some champagne fancy dinner feel you up on the carriage ride home...
 Joey:In a carriage!
 Joey:Hey Charlie!
 Joey:So did you bring a little something for Ross?
 Joey:Oh. Oh thanks.
 Joey:Yeah I didnt throw any of that out..
 Joey:Uh actually thats..
 Joey:Okay listen hey Ross. Why dont you try to relax okay? Maybe have a drink.
 Joey:Dude are you okay? And when are the fajitas gonna be ready?
 Joey:Dude are you okay?
 Joey:You know what? I think Im gonna stay here and make sure hes okay.
 Joey:Yeah. Ill see you in the morning.
 Joey:It doesnt look good does it?
 Joey:Morning. Here you go.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:No no no. You actually did that when you were dancing to the Chicago-soundtrack. Look Ross about about Rachel and I. Listen you dont have to worry about that okay? Because nothing is gonna happen.
 Joey:Well she and I said from the beginning that we werent gonna do anything unless you were okay with it. And clearly..
 Joey:Its okay Ross alright? I totally understand. Of course youre not fine. Youre.. Youre Ross and Rachel.
 Joey:Thats what I hear yeah.
 Joey:Come on I mean you know me you know...
 Joey:Im crazy about her.
 Joey:I think so.
 Joey:Yeah but Ross I mean youre not okay with it.
 Joey:No no no no that was - that was just for me. Are you sure about this?
 Joey:And were okay?
 Joey:Yeah. Its actually our first official date
 Joey:Naa no. This is the part Im actually good at.
 Joey:(pause) Its OK!
 Joey:Well I... I know exactly what Im gonna do!
 Joey:No no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have to appreciate their uniqueness.
 Joey:No I do six things! First I look deep in her eyes. Then I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh.
 Joey:NO! Not like that no no. No like this. (He starts lightly grazing Chandlers thigh)
 Joey:More foosball?
 Joey:I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems puzzled) Ha guess we won’t be going back there!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey what do you say we move this onto the likes of the couch?
 Joey:What’s the matter?
 Joey:I don’t get it Chandler loved it!
 Joey:Ok.
 Joey:(a little giddy) Uh was that good for you?
 Joey:Rach you sure you wanna do this?
 Joey:Ok. Well how how can we make it easier?
 Joey:Ok yeah got it.
 Joey:This thing welded shut?!
 Joey:All right turn around I got to get a look at this thing.
 Joey:Sorry!
 Joey:Im sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me before! Im an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one and it popped open! I blame your bra!
 Joey:Then I blame you! Yeah! Thats right! You threw me off with all your slapping!
 Joey:(contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said) NAH! I dont have another level!! 
 Joey:Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points to the hall).
 Joey:(To Rachel) Hey!
 Joey:Yes maam ready to Power through!
 Joey:Uh! (When shes done she throws her bra at him)
 Joey:Ok youre scaring me a little bit.
 Joey:Oh! yeah!
 Joey:uh uh!
 Joey:No no no! You kneed me in my misters!
 Joey:(He just sits there legs very close together with a painful look on his face) Soldier down!
 Joey:Well I know whats the matter with me.
 Joey:I dont know.
 Joey:Yeah was there a part of you that... felt like it was... really wrong?
 Joey:Yeah yeah... Absolutely. I mean just because somethings difficult doesnt mean that you quit.
 Joey:Yeah so we just keep trying and trying until we... do it.
 Joey:Thats a... pla-an.
 Joey:(sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming.
 Joey:I dont get it. I mean I was so sure this was what I wanted.
 Joey:I guess they werent as good friends as we are.
 Joey:So...
 Joey:I love ya.
 Joey:Yeah me too.
 Joey:Ooh yeah Im not going anywhere for a while.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:18 uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his How You Doin line)
 Joey:What what!? its for her hot friends!
 Joey:And starting to think about settling down!
 Joey:Id love to! Yeah! 
 Joey:(To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents?
 Joey:Oh yeah! How was I supposed to know?
 Joey:Yeah but for a one-year-old. Whats the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And hes standing next to this cow and the cow says El-moo! (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... thats a funny cup!
 Joey:Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that.
 Joey:Oh man this is great uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
 Joey:Hey Pheebs you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!
 Joey:No no no! My talents as an actor!
 Joey:You know I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books!
 Joey:Hey I think Emma might like it!
 Joey:Um my present!
 Joey:Actually we prepared performances.
 Joey:But equally real!
 Joey:(unconfidently) O K.
 Joey:Hey I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting!
 Joey:I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books.
 Joey:Uh why it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites uh (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth back and forth back and forth and while she held him she sang “I’ll love you forever I’ll like you for always as long as Im living my baby you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book). And while he rocked her he sang “I’ll love you forever I’ll like you for always as long as Im living my baby you’ll be”.
 Joey:Im so confused!
 Joey:Got it! (Goes towards the front door and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think youre going?
 Joey:Alright well the rest of you get comfortable ok because were gonna be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute there is a window in there!
 Joey:Well that one did not have Emmas face on it.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Ok! (Opens the door for them)
 Joey:Nighty-night!
 Joey:Bye bye.
 Joey:Hey hey hey hey! Im not gonna mess with Jack hes a great man he fought for our country.
 Joey:(Shocked) Oh! Well thats it! Hes the last one to go. Im locking you guys in. (turns the bolts of the door thereby locking it)
 Joey:Oh! I forgot you used to live here!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:Hey! (smiles)
 Joey:(smile fades) What audition?
 Joey:What? You never said anything about an audition!
 Joey:A monologue? I dont have.. (sees the book he was reading before for his dramatic reading) I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room) Aah! so... Im gonna take off!
 Joey:Oh! I got it! Ok everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
 Joey:Okay Monica picks ten I call nine! Anyone else?
 Joey:Or.. we could flip a coin and then multiply the..
 Joey:Right.
 Joey:Ok ladies and gentlemen wind your toys! (they do so)
 Joey:Come on robot!
 Joey:Way to go robot!
 Joey:Hey good race you guys.
 Joey:Okay if Ross and Rachel ask Ive been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME!
 Joey:(to Ross and Rachel) Ive been here the whole time!
 Joey:What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis.
 Joey:Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time!
 Joey:No! No... and for the record Ive also never given her a frosting from a can!
 Joey:U-U-Um I think theres been an oversight.
 Joey:Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!
 Joey:I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby you know and I would love to help you get one.
 Joey:Thank you! Alright let me see how Im gonna start... Dear baby adoption decider people...
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Uhm... Arent you a little overdressed?
 Joey:Thats right yeah.
 Joey:Always nice to meet a fan!
 Joey:I know she may be the hottest girl Ive ever hated.
 Joey:(using a laptop) Oh Monica and Chandlers recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I dont know any big words or anything so...
 Joey:What did I just say?
 Joey:Oh my God thats great! Im smart!! No no Im... (he uses the Thesaurus) brainy bright clever I love this thing! Look out ladies Joey Tribbianis got the whole package!!
 Joey:Hey finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
 Joey:(sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya?
 Joey:Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus!
 Joey:Yep!
 Joey:Oh ‘They are warm nice people with big hearts’.
 Joey:Yeah yeah and hey I really mean it dude.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Ah look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You slept out here?
 Joey:But uhm were getting rid of her right? Rach please tell me we’re getting rid of her.
 Joey:Oh come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping Amy badly) Uoh oh oh a moment on the lips forever on the hips! I don’t need that kind of talk in my house!
 Joey:Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone?
 Joey:Yeah Monica made us!
 Joey:Yeaah.
 Joey:(yelling at her) I’M CURVY AND I LIKE IT!
 Joey:Great Im finished! In fact I just dropped it off at the agency.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:No can do amigo. No I didnt use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked)
 Joey:Yeah and dont worry. I didnt try to sound smart at all! See ya later! (Leaves)
 Joey:(picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh hi! Well Im glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy arent home right now... (looks puzzled) Okay bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was nice!
 Joey:Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachels room)
 Joey:(Yelling from Rachels room) She has a lot of crap!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Well hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe) Heres to Phoebe whos found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and... (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike!
 Joey:(Looking inside the fridge and we only see his back. Then he closes the door and we see its Joey.) Hi sweetie!
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Cool!
 Joey:Thats great! Hey can you cast me in it?
 Joey:What do you mean? I can do anything Im a chameleon! Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) Im old! (then he yawns) Im tired! (then he mimes someone whos hot...) Hey Im hot (...and cold) Im cold!! Huh?? Come on! What cant I do?
 Joey:I can do that! (in a deeper voice) Hello Im your professor. When Im not busy thinking of important things or... professing. I like to use... Oh whats the product?
 Joey:(after a long pause he starts miming again) Im cold!
 Joey:Oh! Any word on casting yet?
 Joey:What do you mean? Rach dont I seem like a professor youd buy some kind of e-crap from?
 Joey:Just watch it and if you dont like it you dont pass it on to your bosses!
 Joey:Thank you. (he sits down)
 Joey:Damn it! (he leaves)
 Joey:Just pass it to your boss!
 Joey:Whats up?
 Joey:(sounds disappointed) Oh.
 Joey:(looks at him suspiciously) But ehm... you watched the tape?
 Joey:(sounds confident) You didnt watch the tape.
 Joey:Look its one thing not to cast me but to lie to me?
 Joey:Well you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room and is observing the conversation)
 Joey:Keep going Pinocchio!
 Joey:(yelling back) No you didnt! (turns and goes towards his room)
 Joey:You still here?
 Joey:Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there ok? First you lied right? Then you lied about lying ok? Then you lied about lying about lying ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of lyings in the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying!
 Joey:(very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why? (goes back into his room)
 Joey:(comes out holding the tape) Heres how I know you didnt watch the tape ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this tape believe me you would have some comments. Alright now remember I got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins)
 Joey:(Yelling at Chandler) And thats how I know you didnt watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).
 Joey:(enters from his bedroom) What?
 Joey:I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very reasonable price.
 Joey:But its an original Buffay...
 Joey:Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!?
 Joey:GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE!
 Joey:Thats not the point Chandler. The point is that you lied.
 Joey:Now what do you say?
 Joey:And?... AND?
 Joey:Gladys?
 Joey:Youre mean!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Whats going on?
 Joey:Hey is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
 Joey:Hey maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! Its very impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
 Joey:(pointing at himself) Celebrity.
 Joey:(going out with the VCR in his hand) Well I guess well never know whose it is!
 Joey:(form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity? 
 Joey:Guys? Everything ok? Its me Joe...
 Joey:Guys!?
 Joey:Whats going on?
 Joey:Everything doesnt sound fine!
 Joey:Well you wouldnt let me in so I thought you were in trouble.
 Joey:But you called me Bert!? Thats our code word for danger!
 Joey:We dont? We really should. From now on Bert will be our code word for danger.
 Joey:(quivering with anger) I did not care for that!
 Joey:Ok ok! (He leaves)
 Joey:I forgot my bat.
 Joey:(to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert!
 Joey:Uhm... ok... uhm... Well yeah... You have got some nerve coming back here. I cant believe you never called me.
 Joey:Oh... yeah... Probably you dont even remember my name. Its Joey by the way. And dont bother telling me yours because I totally remember it... lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me.
 Joey:No no! Dont try to turn this around on me ok? Im not some kind of... social work ok that you can just... do.
 Joey:Really? Think about it. Come on! Youre a beautiful woman smart funny we had a really good time huh? If I had your number why wouldnt I call you?
 Joey:No no hey no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the apartment leaving her shocked)
 Joey:(acting sad) NO! I waited a long time I cant wait anymore... (and closes the door behind him)
 Joey:LAURA! (and points to her very confident)
 Joey:Dont you put words in peoples mouths you put turkey in peoples mouths!
 Joey:Three tickets to todays Rangers game!!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah theyre great seats too!
 Joey:Center ice.
 Joey:So well leave before its over well be back in time.
 Joey:Dude two times that happened!
 Joey:Right I guess. Alright so see you at four.
 Joey:Thats some gentle comedy dude. (he and Ross leave)
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Oh Bob get off the guy!
 Joey:I know yeah.
 Joey:Yeah. I am sorry hes not here too but I got to say (takes some nachos from a plate on the seat where Chandler should have been) I am really enjoying Nacho Chair.
 Joey:Ohhhh! These seats are great!
 Joey:(looks at the time) Wow hey wed better get going. If we dont leave right now well be late for dinner.
 Joey:I dont know...
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:How late are we?
 Joey:Wow (He opens his apartment door and throws their stuff in.)
 Joey:Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were! (he raises his hands and on his right one theres a Rangers foam finger)
 Joey:Oh no no no no no. You just want to put it on your hand!
 Joey:You are not at Thanksgiving?
 Joey:We figured we could be late because you guys were gonna be on time (he points the foam finger at the girls)
 Joey:Yeah where were you!
 Joey:Wait a second wait a second where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before...
 Joey:(realizing) Oh! Thats Alicia Mae Emorys outfit!
 Joey:All right. Hey Rach while youre in there throw something on Alicia Mae.
 Joey:No. Here (he tears off the pocket from Ross shirt and tears off everything below that as well.)
 Joey:(whispering) Who do you think its from?
 Joey:I hate that thing its like a... bolt of lightning.
 Joey:(smiling from ear to ear) Ah-haah! I win!!
 Joey:Thats fire. Beats everything.
 Joey:Ooh! Well played Phoebe Buffay well played.
 Joey:I had a dream once about a fax machine that did that. (Ross picks it up)
 Joey:(holds his fist up) WATER BALLOON! (he stuffs the slice in is mouth and gives the foil back to Ross)
 Joey:(to Ross) Just get in there and make a face to face apology you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
 Joey:Im telling ya... (his eyes open wide and he looks like his eyes are about to pop out. He stares at Ross like this without blinking) I can do it.
 Joey:Oh! It all looks so beautiful the turkey the stuffing...
 Joey:(still with his door wedged in the door gap now opens his eyes wide and stares at Monica and Chandler as he did with Ross earlier in the hall) Hey listen guys we feel really terrible.
 Joey:Come on you guys we want you to know were (His eye widen even more) very very sorry. (Monica and Chandler are now covering their eyes with their hands) (then to the others in the hall) Right guys?
 Joey:(smiling) Now lets not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Lets move past this and try to have a nice meal all together huh?
 Joey:Hey! Im getting a little tired of this okay? We said were sorry. Its Thanksgiving for Petes sakes! A day of forgiveness!
 Joey:(to Ross mouthing) Dont make me come up there!
 Joey:Fine! Lets just go. I dont need your stupid dinner.
 Joey:Sorry!
 Joey:Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving.
 Joey:Yeah! You Chan and the vein!
 Joey:Ha!
 Joey:Oh-oh! Im stuck!
 Joey:No seriously... Im really wedged in here.
 Joey:(in agony) aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! Im worried about damaging my head.
 Joey:Alright hurry up you gotta do something.
 Joey:I just wanna say that Im sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person...
 Joey:Oh that smells good!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:It isnt working.
 Joey:Well hurry I cant feel my ears!
 Joey:Interesting...
 Joey:I left them at the park.
 Joey:Its really starting to hurt.
 Joey:Ooh! Stop putting things down my pants!
 Joey:Yeah! Come on!
 Joey:(looking at himself) Man Ive got food all over me.
 Joey:Oh I know how you feel...
 Joey:Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys R Us... She was in stock!
 Joey:I cant believe it. When you guys come back youre gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
 Joey:But just think ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys?
 Joey:Im gonna say someone Im gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey!
 Joey:So... whos your friend?
 Joey:OW why why why?
 Joey:Oh name one friend of yours that I did that with.
 Joey:Mandy uh? Uh... really hot blonde big boobs?
 Joey:I know why I dont remember her huh? (he winks at Rachel)
 Joey:Ok I may not have treated your friends well in the past but I have grown up a lot really. Honest Rach?
 Joey:(pointing at himself) Growth!
 Joey:Ok thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy.
 Joey:Saraaah.
 Joey:I can see why nice shirt!
 Joey:Stupid Gap on every corner!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Well...
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Oh really? You know what your great friend did? Were out to dinner ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) Were getting along having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then out of nowhere...
 Joey:Hey hey look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent.
 Joey:ALL FOOD!
 Joey:Hey hey hey hey. Look. I take a girl out she can order whatever she wants! The more the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers!
 Joey:(mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD!
 Joey:(he thinks a little considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about?
 Joey:I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!!
 Joey:(now laughing a little) Dude I really dont think you should be wearing that.
 Joey:(looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!!
 Joey:Oh that looks great! Good ordering!
 Joey:oh I didnt know you liked French fries. Help yourself! Whats mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries)
 Joey:Uuuh.. yes they are my stuffed clams.
 Joey:How about those fries though huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate thus blocking her from reaching his)
 Joey:(Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful you know that?
 Joey:Oh (grinning trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back)
 Joey:(Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!!
 Joey:I dont like it when people take food off of my plate okay?
 Joey:WELL I DIDNT MEAN IT!
 Joey:Im sorry Im overreacting. Okay Its just when it comes to food I have certain rules okay I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you dont do (He takes a bite from it).
 Joey:I really am sorry about you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you.
 Joey:(Jokingly) Well stuffed clams.
 Joey:Uh excuse me sir there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake.
 Joey:(More to himself than anyone else) So stupid ordering cheesecake trying to 
 Joey:Oh all right Ill just have what shes having instead.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure. No problem.
 Joey:Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule?
 Joey:(laughing) Really?
 Joey:Yeah of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room)
 Joey:(to the torte) Stop staring at me!
 Joey:Why just a tiny little...
 Joey:Oh-oh!
 Joey:Im not even sorry.
 Joey:(nods) So why are you still wearing it?
 Joey:Ooh... Not so good.
 Joey:Yeah and you know what? We could do a lot worse.
 Joey:(shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESNT SHARE FOOD!
 Joey:Cmon youre going out with the guy! Theres gotta be something wrong with him!
 Joey:Instead of...?
 Joey:Never had that dream.
 Joey:This guy says hello I wanna kill myself.
 Joey:Ohh.
 Joey:And you never knew she was a lesbian...
 Joey:Alright Ross look. Youre feeling a lot of pain right now. Youre angry. Youre hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
 Joey:Strip joint! Cmon youre single! Have some hormones!
 Joey:I say push her down the stairs.
 Joey:(comforting her) And hey you need anything you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And hes away a lot.
 Joey:What like theres a rule or something?
 Joey:Whos Paul?
 Joey: Hey Paul!
 Joey:Heres a little tip she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs you wanna help?
 Joey:Im thinking weve got a bookcase here.
 Joey:(picking up a leftover part) Whats this?
 Joey:Which goes where?
 Joey:Done with the bookcase!
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey-hey if youre gonna start with that stuff were outta here.
 Joey:Ross let me ask you a question. She got the furniture the stereo the good TV- what did you get?
 Joey:You got screwed.
 Joey:Shut up!
 Joey:What are you talking about? One woman? Thats like saying theres only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something Ross. Theres lots of flavors out there. Theres Rocky Road and Cookie Dough and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get em with Jimmies or nuts or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married you were like what eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
 Joey:Great story!  But I uh I gotta go I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...  Oh man (looks to Chandler)
 Joey:Right.  Thanks.  Its June.  Im outta here. (Exits.)
 Joey:Congratulations.
 Joey:Listen while youre on a roll if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... (Joey and Chandler taste the coffee grimace and pour it into a plant pot.) Although actually Im really not that hungry...
 Joey:Morning Paul.
 Joey:That wasnt a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
 Joey:Yeah Im an actor.
 Joey:I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
 Joey:Look it was a job all right?
 Joey:I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)
 Joey:You should both know that hes a dead man.  Oh Chandler? (Starts after Chandler.)
 Joey:(sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line!
 Joey:(bursts out laughing again) I cant believe you didnt know it was a line!
 Joey:I cant believe what Im hearing here.
 Joey:Oh you wouldnt know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.
 Joey:Uhm... oh... I dont know its too hard.
 Joey:Oh... food. No sex. Food! Sex! Food! Se-I dont know! Good God I dont know I want girls on bread!
 Joey:Chandler? Forty-five minutes? Well something is not right. I just can’t believe he would do this to Monica!
 Joey:Hey is uhm... is Chandler here?
 Joey:(walking towards her to hold her and support her) Monica you understand what we are saying right?
 Joey:(to Chandler) You son of a bitch!
 Joey:I knew he couldnt be with a woman for 45 minutes!!
 Joey:(clearly shocked) What?
 Joey:Shouldnt we all vote on stuff like this?!
 Joey:No no its not dont listen to him! (to Ross) Im gonna thump you! (points his fist at him)
 Joey:Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? (Walks towards the fridge) Because I can stop doing that (looks at the fridge) I really really think I can!
 Joey:What the hell are you doin?
 Joey:(he has a turkey on his head) Its stuck!!!
 Joey:I put it on to scare Chandler!
 Joey:It smells really bad in here.
 Joey:Its Joey.
 Joey:(shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
 Joey:Oooooh!
 Joey:Big fat goalie.
 Joey:Weekend at Bernie’s.
 Joey:Everyday use.
 Joey:Guest.
 Joey:Uhh 11!
 Joey:Hey don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
 Joey:(panicking) Dude! Hes right there!
 Joey:Rachels right. This is where you guys belong.
 Joey:Im really sorry you guys.
 Joey:You know Im really sorry I wasnt more supportive before.
 Joey:And about this Nancy thing... If youre not sleeping with her should I?
 Joey:A meatball Sub? Thanks! (he got a meatball sandwich)
 Joey:(speaking with his mouth full enjoying his sandwich) What did they say?
 Joey:Hey guys!
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:Would you guys want to come down tomorrow and watch me tape the show?
 Joey:Seriously?
 Joey:(to Gene) I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax Im just like you! (pause) Only better looking and richer.
 Joey:(on the screen theres the word Supermarket) Uhm... ok. Its a store like a supermarket. (there is a sound indicating he made a mistake as he shouldnt have said supermarket. The next word appears notebook) Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah ok ok uhm... Im writing in my...
 Joey:Noo (whispering) more like a notebook... Damn it! (next word appears blueprint) Oh if Im building an house the plan isnt called the shmoo-print... Cant say that either? Woha... hey... (the last word is Football field and there are 5 seconds left) In high school I once had sex with a girl right in the middle of the...
 Joey:Yeah! But that is not what theyre looking for. (times finished) OOOH!
 Joey:Ahaha he might as well just give us the points.
 Joey:A spoon. Your hands. Your face!
 Joey:Paper snow a ghost!
 Joey:A rock a dog the earth.
 Joey:Salami anchovies jam!
 Joey:Paper snow a ghost!
 Joey:Chickens?
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:Ketchup!
 Joey:Relish!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:Oh so we didnt win but its fun to play the game right?
 Joey:Oh wow! Im so sorry ok? I promise well do better next time!
 Joey:Hey you know some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? (pause). Yeah!
 Joey:(To Henrietta) My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know nursery rhymes! (makes a thumbs up sign)
 Joey:Oh .. uh... uh... pass. (Next word Rotunda) Pass. (Next word Filibuster stares at it a moment) Pass. (Henrietta is looking very confused) (Next word Addendum 4 seconds remaining) Okay the little thing that hangs down at the back of your throat.
 Joey:Oh then pass. (Next word Joint session but times up Joey acts very disappointed)
 Joey:(nervously) Yeah...
 Joey:I-I-I dont know. Types of trees?
 Joey:(sympathetic) Oh Im so sorry. I dont know any Spanish words.
 Joey:Things that go tssst when you put them out.
 Joey:Things that burn.
 Joey:Dude dude! I think youre losing it.
 Joey:Oh oh oh... What a dog says.
 Joey:(instantly) Pizza toppings next!
 Joey:Oh oh oh... (5 seconds left)
 Joey:Girls Chandler could never get?
 Joey:Where? (looking around)
 Joey:Uh hey.
 Joey:(afraid) Yeah.
 Joey:So he cant come?
 Joey:Seriously?
 Joey:I am pretty wisdomous.
 Joey:Are you kidding? Phoebe I would be honored. (they hug)
 Joey:(takes her hand) Listen I hope... that you know... (has difficulty saying it) I dont want you to see your father cry GO TO YOUR ROOM!
 Joey:Oh no no no let your dad get this.
 Joey:Hey youre Mikes parents right?
 Joey:Ah our little ones are growing up fast uh?
 Joey:You know on the one hand youre happy for them but on the other hand its hard to let go.
 Joey:Hey Im not that fond of you either ok buddy? But Im just trying to be nice for the kids!
 Joey:So you know Im filling in for Phoebes step dad tomorrow right?
 Joey:Oh hey my pleasure. (he suddenly becomes very serious) So what are your intentions with my Phoebe?
 Joey:Oh a wiseacre. (Mike looks bewildered). No no no I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isnt that kind of unstable?
 Joey:Strike two!
 Joey:Strike three! You only get one more Mike!
 Joey:Oh man! I wouldnt have had breakfast if I knew there was going to be corsages!
 Joey:(to Mike) Hello Michael.
 Joey:May I have a word with you please?
 Joey:Have a seat. (Mike sits on his bed and Joey towers over him. He starts talking in an Italian godfather-type voice) Last night I tried to welcome you into my family... and instead you disrespect me... (shakes his head) I cannot allow this.
 Joey:More back talk. And yes I may be borrowing a few lines from my recent unsuccessful audition for Family Honor 2 Thissa Time Itsa Personal.
 Joey:I want you to take this seriously! Phoebe is very very important to me ok? And I wanna make sure that you are gonna take care of her.
 Joey:(very satisfied and smiling) Thats what I wanted to hear! Because shes family ok and now youre gonna be family and there is nothing more important in the whole world than family.
 Joey:(almost crying) That was ME!
 Joey:Im glad we had this little talk.
 Joey:(staring at the ice sculpture) How bad do you want to stick your tongue on that? (They all glare at him)
 Joey:Hey what are you guys gonna do?
 Joey:The blizzard. I just saw on the news its like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels. (Opens the curtains to reveal a snow storm outside)
 Joey:I dont think they are.
 Joey:Yeah according to the news most of the city did.
 Joey:Uh for your information since they hired a very hot weather girl.
 Joey:Oh hey dont worry. Im still ordained from your wedding.
 Joey:Yeah youd think Id give up being a minister and start paying to ride the subway? Huhuh...
 Joey:I had to read the Bible pretty carefully but... yeah we do.
 Joey:Friends family dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so Im gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
 Joey:(whispering to Phoebe) Okay...
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Oh okay. Phoebe do you take this man to be your husband?
 Joey:Mike do you take this woman to be your wife?
 Joey:I now pronounce you... husband and wife.
 Joey:It was yeah. I kind of dont want it to end. Hey you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
 Joey:Nice. Oh hey what about Ross?
 Joey:Well anyway Im glad youre back I really need your help.
 Joey:I have an audition for this play and for some of it I have to speak French. Which according to my résumé Im fluent in.
 Joey:Well so will you help me? I really wanna be in this play.
 Joey:Je de coup Clow.
 Joey:Ok.
 Joey:Je depli mblue.
 Joey:Really? It sounds exactly the same to me.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Got it.
 Joey:Je te flouppe Fli.
 Joey:Oh de fuff!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Welcome to New York City! Or should I say ghe deu flooff New York City?
 Joey:Oh you know what you should do? You should walk all the way at the top of Statue of Liberty.
 Joey:Je do call blue!
 Joey:je.
 Joey:mah
 Joey:pel.
 Joey:je.
 Joey:mah
 Joey:pel.
 Joey:Me pooh pooh!
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:(he goes out calling her) Dont move! Dont go! I need you! My audition is tomorrow! Shah blue blah! Me lah peeh! Ombrah! (he gives up). Pooh.
 Joey:Huh un blu bla flu flenk!
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh no thats okay I dont need your help. I worked on it myself and I gotta say I am pretty good!
 Joey:Sure sure. Ok (clears his throat and starts to read from his script. He starts talking in a fake French accent making gestures with his hands) Bleu de la bleu de la blu bla bleu (Phoebe looks astonished annoyed and disgusted Joey seems very proud though) See?
 Joey:(offended) Oh well I think I am yeah and I think Im definitely gonna get the part.
 Joey:For one thing the guy on the tape said I was doing a good job!
 Joey:Right. (clears his throat) Dja bu bu Claude. Uh cest la pu les la lu blah bloo.
 Joey:Dude come on! French it u-up!
 Joey:Toutes la smore! Bu blu-ay bloo blah ooh! Pfoof!
 Joey:Sa-sa-saw!
 Joey:Ah. All right. But my French was good?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Oh-hoh! Ha-hah! See!
 Joey:Yeah-hah. Toute-de-le-fruit.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Would fall off a lot.
 Joey:That I can do.
 Joey:All right watch me! (he takes a full container of milk from the fridge) Okay you time me. Ready?
 Joey:(enters) Guess what? (they all look expectantly at him) I finally got that seed out of my teeth.
 Joey:(enters) Hey guys.
 Joey:No thank you.
 Joey:But no its not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldnt even find it on the map.
 Joey:You know what? You are my friends I wanna be supportive I will come with you. SHOTGUN!
 Joey:What? No the only reason Im going to their stupid new house is so I can point out everything thats wrong with it so they dont move. Im gonna make them stay here.
 Joey:Hey hey... I can convince people to do anything you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that thing. What is it?
 Joey:I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye! (he leaves)
 Joey:Me too. Yeah this place is great. Im so happy for you guys. Although you know I hope you like fungus.
 Joey:Fungus! Yeah. Place is full of it.
 Joey:Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.
 Joey:Maybe. So this is the living room huh? Ooh its pretty dark. (starts feeling around him like hes in a completely dark room touching Chandler who backs out and hits him)
 Joey:(squinting his eyes) Are you kiddin? I think I just saw a bat in the corner!
 Joey:(glares at him for a moment then admits grudgingly) Maybe. Well I just think you guys can do better than this house you know? Or any other house for that matter.
 Joey:FINE ok if you love this house so much then you should just live here okay? I just hope you get used to that weird humming sound. (He turns his back to them and starts humming) Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
 Joey:no... hmmmmm... its not... hmmmmmmmmmm
 Joey:(turns the card around obviously had the wrong answer) Ow!
 Joey:Oh hi Im Joey. My stupid friends are buying this house. Who are you?
 Joey:(understanding) Oh.
 Joey:I hate my friends. (They shake on it as if they just made a pact) Alright look. Theres gotta be a way that we can stop this from happening.
 Joey:(thinking) Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me and you tell them that the house is haunted!
 Joey:Woah uh! Okay lets hear your great idea.
 Joey:(frustrated) Ahh! Theres gotta be a way. I mean you know if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just leaves me and Ross and Rach you know what I mean?
 Joey:What am I gonna do I feel like Im losing my friends.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure easy for you youre young. Me Im set in my ways.
 Joey:Yeah yeah I guess.
 Joey:(having difficulty admitting it) Yeah maybe.
 Joey:(In near tears realizes she is right) I hate to admit it but youre probably right. How did you get to be so smart?
 Joey:(his mood changes instantly) Just when I thought we could be friends. (he leaves the room)
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Oh just er... you know looking around. But you know what? This house... is great.
 Joey:Oh well the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
 Joey:(frightened) What?
 Joey:Thats not funny! You know Im afraid of little girl ghosts!
 Joey:What? I get my own room?
 Joey:Oh my God! (they all hug) Oh! Hey can I have an aquarium? And a sex swing?
 Joey:Why not? Ill keep the tank clean.
 Joey:I mean this soap opera is a great gig but... am I missing opportunities? You know Ive always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean should I be trying to do more independent movies?
 Joey:Hey bear I need some career advice.
 Joey:Hey great! All right!
 Joey:What? No no no! No no... no... no no... No too much is changing okay? First Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid suburbs...
 Joey:Well it comes and goes. I wouldnt trust it.
 Joey:No no no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA.
 Joey:Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out and Rachel follows him)
 Joey:Hey Phoebe.
 Joey:I’m just mad at my agent.
 Joey:There’s a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I didn’t even be put up for it! She’d better have a good reason.
 Joey:Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I’m wanna hear it because she keeps doing this.
 Joey:Ok. Why?
 Joey:I love that saying!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:I was just gonna call you! That’s weird.
 Joey:Yeah actually I am!
 Joey:That’s it? You know it seems all you do lately is drop the ball.
 Joey:No no look. All I’m saying is that you’re my agent ok? And you’re not getting me into any auditions and I’m tired of it.
 Joey:I’m saying that… (pause). This isnt working for me anymore ok? Estelle you’re fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone).
 Joey:Yeah I just… I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be killing her.
 Joey:I don’t know. She’s got to be taking it hard I was like her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I’m guessing he eats more money than he makes. Look I know she’s not a great agent but she did stick with me for ten years. I’m gonna call her and hire her again.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:(impressed) You blow me away.
 Joey:I promise. And that means never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops herself from laughing and leaves)
 Joey:Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings he picks it up) Hello?
 Joey:Estelle?
 Joey:(still scared) Ok-ay. I just I cant believe youre calling me?
 Joey:No no no! (Starts looking around the room terrified) Dont drop by dont drop by!
 Joey:Can I ask you something? Uhm whats it like there?
 Joey:Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display) out of area. Boy Ill say.
 Joey:Thank you all for coming. Were here today to pay respects to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... (Joey looks at the photograph) ..inside. As Estelles only two clients we would like to say a few words. (Joey looks for his notes. The man next to him is chewing something.) Dude wheres my speech? (the man swallows something and looks at Joey.) That is entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody. (he applauds and Al shows that theres nothing left in his mouth.)
 Joey:All right all right all right lets play one more time ok? And remember if I win you do not move to Paris.
 Joey:Just flip!
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Try it I cant feel a thing! (Ross starts punching him too)
 Joey:You guys hear a ringing?
 Joey:Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line nice! I didnt know you guys had it in ya!
 Joey:Mhm maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard!
 Joey:(entering the room) Hey.
 Joey:Oh shes putting Emma down shell be over in a second.
 Joey:Now it just hit her that shes leaving and shes kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off ok?
 Joey:What did I just say?
 Joey:Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins tails I lose. (he stops and starts realizing something) Wait a minute...
 Joey:I forgot to pick up my dry cleaning!
 Joey:Huh if I had to guess Id say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
 Joey:I really made you think about that thing uh?
 Joey:(still very emotional) Lucky bastard!
 Joey:All right lets think about this. I mean theres got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anything to make her mad?
 Joey:Im sure hes not more bummed out than I am.
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah good idea. (he mimes hitting his head with his fist)
 Joey:Whos that dirty old lady?
 Joey:Come on here have a seat.
 Joey:Chandler wait wait wait...
 Joey:If you get a second find out where she got that cheeseburger.
 Joey:A little more.
 Joey:A little more a little more. (she stuffs some more down his pants and Joeys assesses the how many there already are in there.) A little more... All right. Okay all right lets do this.
 Joey:Yeah. All right now give me your best shot.
 Joey:(in pain) Doesnt work... (he falls down on on his knees with his head on the floor)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Its my house-warming present for Monica and Chandler.
 Joey:Uh-huh. And I named them Chick Jr. and Duck Jr.
 Joey:Yeah I figure theyll love it at the new house you know? It has that big backyard. And then when they get old they can go to that special farm that Chandler took the other chick and duck to.
 Joey:Yeah. Its a shame people cant visit there.
 Joey:Yeah Erica went into labor last night. Monica and Chandler are at the hospital right now!
 Joey:Uh I think shes still asleep. Hey hey how did it go with you guys last night? She seemed pretty pissed at you.
 Joey:Oh my God. You and Rachel?
 Joey:So what does that mean? Are you guys getting back together?
 Joey:So so is she still going to Paris?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:I bet you did!
 Joey:Sure yeah. Will you just keep an eye on the chick and the duck?
 Joey:Oh my God! What did you say?
 Joey:You cant just give up! Is that what a dinosaur would do?
 Joey:Dude Im just trying to speak your language.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh youre not taking her with you tonight?
 Joey:Ross wait!
 Joey:Could you get me a muffin?
 Joey:Hey you know what might help?
 Joey:Its a... Its a welcome home sign for the baby.
 Joey:No I sat in the paint.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Yeah I know what you mean. I mean sometimes...
 Joey:Damn it!
 Joey:You know the baby cant read Mike!
 Joey:Monica just called from the cab. She said they should be here any minute. And apparently theres some big surprise.
 Joey:(To Monica) Hey so what is the big surprise?
 Joey:Oh theyre so cute! Now what what kinds are they?
 Joey:Hey that pregnant girls name was Erica.
 Joey:Hey maybe thats for the best.
 Joey:Yeah. You know? You just... Look you gotta... You gotta think about last night the way she does okay? Maybe maybe sleeping together was the perfect way to say goodbye?
 Joey:Maybe thats okay. You know? Maybe maybe it is better this way? I mean now now you can move on. I mean youve been trying to for so long maybe now that youre on different continents.. (Looks at Phoebe) Right?
 Joey:Maybe now you can actually do it. You know? You can finally get over her.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Yeah you are!
 Joey:This is so cool!
 Joey:But Ross Ross. What do you what do you think shes going to say?
 Joey:Good luck good luck!
 Joey:Oh hey hey can I give you guys your house-warming present now?
 Joey:Alright!
 Joey:Ah... Chick Jr.? Duck Jr.? Dont hide from mama!
 Joey:Quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack tweet quack...
 Joey:Okay I wanted to surprise you but for your house-warming gift I got you a baby-chick and a baby-duck!
 Joey:Yeah yeah they must have jumped off the table cause now theyre gone!
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:You stepped on my egg roll?
 Joey:Just put it on a plate and leave.
 Joey:Alright.
 Joey:Wait wait. Do you hear that?
 Joey:Oh! Theyre in the table!
 Joey:We gotta get them out of there!
 Joey:Oh oh! Maybe we can lure them out. You know any birdcalls?
 Joey:Well maybe we can just tip the table a little.
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:Oh God! So what do we do?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Does that mean we have to bust it open?
 Joey:Oh my God!
 Joey:All right you know what? We dont have a choice. Its like I would have said in that sci-fi movie if Id gotten the part. Those are our men in there we have to get them out! Even if I have to sacrifice the most important thing in my life; my time-machine.
 Joey:It did not.
 Joey:(yelling) Dont worry you guys were gonna get you out of there.
 Joey:Okay. Here goes.
 Joey:I need to say goodbye to the table first.
 Joey:Okay. Table you have given us so many great times. And you guys Jordan Victor Joel... All of you guys. What can I say? You guys make us look good. You wanna say anything?
 Joey:Okay here we go. I cant do it.
 Joey:Yeah theyre stuck inside the table!
 Joey:Yeah you didnt even use the tools for most of it!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Probably not. Nah. I dont know how much Im gonna wanna play after you go.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Im gonna miss these little guys. It was nice having birds around again.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:I could get a goose!
 Joey:Thanks man. Did you hear that you guys? Youre gonna get to stay here! And and its good you know cause cause now you have a reason to come visit.
 Joey:Uh lame cool guy handshake yeah.
 Joey:Yeah. Uh does this mean theres nothing to eat?
 Joey:I love you!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So did you guys make it in time?
 Joey:Has it always been purple?
 Joey:Yeah. I guess so.
 Joey:Yeah right!.......Yserious?
 Joey:(pause)....Are we still talking about sex?
 Joey:Yeah sorry the swallowing slowed me down.
 Joey:Yeah calm down. You dont see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
 Joey:Alright whendya have it on last?
 Joey:.....Well this is still ruined right?
 Joey:Your folks are really that bad huh?
 Joey:What are we supposed to be seeing here?
 Joey:Since always. Its like dating language. Yknow like Its not you means It is you.
 Joey:Yeah. Cushions the blow.
 Joey:Warden in five minutes my pain will be over. But youll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die.
 Joey:Thanks! Lets keep going.
 Joey:I just wanna go back to my cell. Cause in my cell I can smoke.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Whoah!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No no no I am not giving you a cigarette.
 Joey:Ymiss it?
 Joey:Thats ridiculous!
 Joey:Yokay Phoebe?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Keep it!
 Joey:So when do we get to meet the guy?
 Joey:Let it go Ross.
 Joey:You can come in but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
 Joey:(shouting to Chandler) Chandler! Hes here!
 Joey:Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
 Joey:Alan.
 Joey:...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
 Joey:Well is it like a little annoying or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?
 Joey:Oh (Imitating Ross) you do do you?
 Joey:Do you have any respect for your body?
 Joey:(dragged in by Monica he has just gotten out of the shower) Whats going on?
 Joey:Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
 Joey:Oh God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.)
 Joey:So thats it? Its over? Just like that?
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:Probably kill myself!
 Joey:Hey if Little Joeys dead then I got no reason to live!
 Joey:You are? Ross Im sorry..
 Joey:...Ninety-five ninety-six ninety-seven. See I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
 Joey:(to Ross) Hey! Heres the birthday boy! Ross check it out hockey tickets Rangers-Penguins tonight at the Garden and were taking you.
 Joey:We love you man. (Kisses Ross)
 Joey:So?
 Joey:Whats wrong with the twentieth?
 Joey:The hell with hockey lets all do that!
 Joey:Cmon Ross!
 Joey:Oh youre fine yeah for a first job.
 Joey:Leetch spots Messier in the crease- theres the pass! (He kicks it to Ross but Ross is staring into a shop window.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:-Peaches?
 Joey:Hey that womans got an ass like Carols! (They turn to stare at him.) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
 Joey:Cmon sit. Just sit down sit.
 Joey:Well how long do you think itll be?
 Joey:Hes right enough already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:With Carol? (Ross gives him a look.) Oh.
 Joey:Whoah boy hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we couldve done tonight!
 Joey:Man. Can you believe hes only had sex with one woman?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Oh ah- the kid has it.
 Joey:Ok you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
 Joey:No plans huh?
 Joey:Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man just stop calling.
 Joey:My god Angela.
 Joey:No yeah no ok but not yet. I dont wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi two Mississippi three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. (he walks over to her) Hey Angela.
 Joey:You look good.
 Joey:You dont say.
 Joey:Bob? Who the hells Bob?
 Joey:Come on we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff but like talking too.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Fine fine so why dont the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know as friends?
 Joey:You know you and Bob and me and my girlfriend uh uh Monica.
 Joey:Monica Im tellin you this guy is perfect for you.
 Joey:Come on. This guys great. His names Bob. Hes Angelas... brother. Hes smart hes sophisticated and he has a real job. Me I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor but Bob is...
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Eww! Look Im asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother maybe Angela will come back to me.
 Joey:(proud) I know but I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
 Joey:Yep.
 Joey:Which what?
 Joey:No but hes...
 Joey:Oh my god.
 Joey:I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But Im not.
 Joey:So you and Angela huh?
 Joey:Youre a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel or a weasel.
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah listen for it.
 Joey:Yeah but its not gonna last. Shes too much for me in bed. Sexually.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Come on theyre close.
 Joey:Oh like youve never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
 Joey:Well whos to say whats true? I mean...
 Joey:All right look Im not proud of this ok? Well maybe I am a little.
 Joey:Ow!
 Joey:Wait wait wait. You want him I want her. He likes you.
 Joey:Yeah. Im thinking if we put our heads together between the two of us we can break them up.
 Joey:Uh waiter one more plate of chicken wings over here.
 Joey:Excellent.
 Joey:Vell Eva veve done some excellent vork here and I vould have to say your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)
 Joey:Whadja think?
 Joey:Cmon you guys it wasnt that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls at least you got to see my head.
 Joey:The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
 Joey:Whos Rick?
 Joey:I couldnt do it.
 Joey:When Im with a woman I need to know that Im going out with more people than she is.
 Joey:(on phone) Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay Ill be there! (He hangs up and to all.) That was my agent. (He tosses and catches the phone.) My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
 Joey:Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guys the reason I became an actor! Im out of order? Pfeeeh. Youre out of order! This whole courtrooms out of order!
 Joey:Just when I thought I was out they pull me back in!
 Joey:...Im his (mumbles)
 Joey:...Im his butt double. Kay? I play Al Pacinos butt. Alright? He goes into the shower and then- Im his butt.
 Joey:Cmon you guys. This is a real movie and Al Pacinos in it and thats big!
 Joey:Okay okay fine! Make jokes I dont care! This is a big break for me!
 Joey:Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.
 Joey:Whaddya think? Todays the big day!
 Joey:Thank you! (He goes into the bathroom.)
 Joey:Uh listen I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.
 Joey:Me?
 Joey:Right. Okay. Losing the robe. (He takes off the robe.) And the robe is lost.
 Joey:Well Im- Im showering.
 Joey:Oh. Well the way I see it the guys upset here yknow? I mean his wifes dead his brothers missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
 Joey:I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:I got fired.
 Joey:Yeah they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybodys gonna go to the theatre expecting to see me and...
 Joey:My mom will.
 Joey:Yknow Ive done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot and I blow it!
 Joey:Hard to tell I was naked.
 Joey:Yeah? Thats so nice! (They hug.)
 Joey:Hi everyone.
 Joey:Well Chandlers old roomate was Jewish and these are the only candles we have so... Happy Chanukah everyone.
 Joey:Whats up man?
 Joey:(to everyone) Oh my God! Hes trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! (on phone) Chandler listen. (says something intentionally garbled)
 Joey:OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the womens room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
 Joey:We have a winner!
 Joey:Its never gonna happen.
 Joey:You and Rachel.
 Joey:Because you waited too long to make your move and now youre in the friend zone.
 Joey:Ross youre mayor of the zone.
 Joey:Priesthood! Look Ross Im telling you she has no idea what youre thinking. If you dont ask her out soon youre going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
 Joey:Yeeeeaaaahhh! Whats messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? Youve just got to go up to her and say Rachel I think that... (Rachel comes into the room behind them)
 Joey:Are you going to do it?
 Joey:Do you want any help?
 Joey:Good luck man.
 Joey:OK. (Ross goes out on the balcony to talk to Rachel)
 Joey:Hey where are you going?
 Joey:You cant go out there.
 Joey:Because of... the reason.
 Joey:I um cant tell you.
 Joey:OK youve got to promise that youll never ever tell Ross that I told you.
 Joey:Hes planning your birthday party.
 Joey:(as Phoebe enters) Youd better act surprised.
 Joey:Hey dont look at me. This is Rosss thing.
 Joey:Sorry that was wax.
 Joey:(does a maniacal laugh) Bwah-hah-hah!
 Joey:Hey Ross. This probably isnt the best time to bring it up but you have to throw a party for Monica.
 Joey:Not me.
 Joey:Twice?
 Joey:You guys okay?
 Joey:Now see I dont believe any of that. I think once youre dead youre dead! Youre gone! Youre worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay huh?
 Joey:(entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Check it out Giants-Cowboys. (He has a pocket TV)
 Joey:No its the pre-game. Im gonna watch it at the reception.
 Joey:(hides the TV but he still has an earphone) Just a uh... hearing disability.
 Joey:Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third.
 Joey:Ooh look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
 Joey:Hey hey.
 Joey:Yes I am. As of today I am officially Joey Tribbiani actor slash model.
 Joey:You know those posters for the city free clinic?
 Joey:No but I hear lyme disease is open so... (crosses fingers)
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(to Monica) We did?
 Joey:Uh hi. We uh we used to work together.
 Joey:Yeah at Macys. You were the Obsession girl right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?
 Joey:I gotta tell you. Youre the best in the business.
 Joey:Im serious. Youre amazing. You know when to spritz when to lay back.
 Joey:Ooh you smell great tonight. Whatre you wearing?
 Joey:Listen uh you wanna go get a drink or something?
 Joey:Whats wrong?
 Joey:Oh. What?
 Joey:Wait wait wait!
 Joey:So I guess you all saw it.
 Joey:Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
 Joey:Chandler will you just come in already?
 Joey:Hey Monica I got a question. I dont see any tater tots.
 Joey:But my mom always makes them. Its like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork a little cranberry sauce and a tot! Its bad enough I cant be with my family because of my disease.
 Joey:The balloon?
 Joey:Wait wait we have a copy of your key.
 Joey:That tone will not make me go any faster.
 Joey:That one will.
 Joey:Nope not that one.
 Joey:Hey I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
 Joey:Hey we all had better plans. This was nobodys first choice.
 Joey:You call that delicious?
 Joey:Ive gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
 Joey:Oh I will.
 Joey:The bigger half.
 Joey:Ooh... I cant believe Im kissing you. Im kissing Rachel!
 Joey:Well I only said that because of Ross you know. Then I saw him kissing Charlie...
 Joey:Oh my God its Ross. What are we gonna do?
 Joey:No idea what it means.
 Joey:I dont believe this... Have you guys been...
 Joey:Is he gone?
 Joey:Pssst...
 Joey:Well hes with Charlie now.
 Joey:(long pause and he twitches a bit) Youre a pain in my ass Geller!
 Joey:Probably yeah... I mean maybe we should... hold off until we talk to Ross.
 Joey:Yeah I think thatd be best... So so Im gonna... Im gonna take off...
 Joey:(turns around very fast) I like although!
 Joey:Six years? Wow... Its almost as long as highschool...
 Joey:Absolutely! Hes not thinking about you.
 Joey:Im thinking about you...
 Joey:Lets forget about Ross...
 Joey:Whats wrong?
 Joey:Well maybe I can help. (he grabs her head passionately closes his eyes and kisses... Ross in Rachels dress! He realises it too late and when he does pushes Rosss/Rachels head away)
 Joey:Yeah... we really need to talk to Ross...
 Joey:Whoo whoo. Wow its uhm... kinda weird that Im sitting next to Charlie after we broke up.
 Joey:Look does someone mind switching to sit with Charlie?
 Joey:I understand...
 Joey:I guess so. Im just... really nervous.
 Joey:Ooh...
 Joey:Im gonna get the lasagna.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:You kissed.
 Joey:I saw you.
 Joey:Ross Ross Ross... Its okay.
 Joey:Its okay. You know I totally understand alright? You guys make way more sense than her and I ever did you know. And... I want you to be happy.
 Joey:Yeah... Now I have something...
 Joey:Oh... uh... look... before you...
 Joey:I am those things yeah.
 Joey:Dude!
 Joey:I cant think of anything.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I couldnt. He was saying all these really nice things about me. I didnt want him to get mad and take em all back. Im on a edge on Chandler.
 Joey:Thank you. Yeah I appreciate that.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So did you err... did you tell Ross?
 Joey:No no no no no no no no... I think its better if you tell him you know. Its easier for a woman. That way you know if he gets mad all you have to do is go... I didnt mean it. Im so so--ooory. (he pushes his breasts together from the side)
 Joey:Alright alright okay uhm... How bout this how about this? Tomorrow... tomorrow well both go and well tell him together.
 Joey:I know I know... but thats okay. I mean we can control ourselves were not animals.
 Joey:Yeah! Good night! (they give each other a small kiss on the mouth and stare at each other for a while)
 Joey:Good night! (they give each other a kiss again but this time it lasts longer)
 Joey:Stop saying good night.
 Joey:Okay Ross I realise that you didnt expect to walk in and see that but.. Let me explain okay?
 Joey:Rach he just saw us.
 Joey:But what you saw that is the extent of it okay? One kiss.
 Joey:Look we probably should have talked to you about this before it ever happened but..
 Joey:Yeah but it did happen so...
 Joey:Ross?
 Joey:No no no!
 Joey:Probably.
 Joey:No no!
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Ross..
 Joey:Look dont you think that will be a little weird?
 Joey:I do like fajitas.
 Joey:Ah can I just say I know were doing this for Ross and thats cool but if it was up to me this is not what wed be doing on our first date.
 Joey:Id take you out for a romantic night. Some champagne fancy dinner feel you up on the carriage ride home...
 Joey:In a carriage!
 Joey:Hey Charlie!
 Joey:So did you bring a little something for Ross?
 Joey:Oh. Oh thanks.
 Joey:Yeah I didnt throw any of that out..
 Joey:Uh actually thats..
 Joey:Okay listen hey Ross. Why dont you try to relax okay? Maybe have a drink.
 Joey:Dude are you okay? And when are the fajitas gonna be ready?
 Joey:Dude are you okay?
 Joey:You know what? I think Im gonna stay here and make sure hes okay.
 Joey:Yeah. Ill see you in the morning.
 Joey:It doesnt look good does it?
 Joey:Morning. Here you go.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:No no no. You actually did that when you were dancing to the Chicago-soundtrack. Look Ross about about Rachel and I. Listen you dont have to worry about that okay? Because nothing is gonna happen.
 Joey:Well she and I said from the beginning that we werent gonna do anything unless you were okay with it. And clearly..
 Joey:Its okay Ross alright? I totally understand. Of course youre not fine. Youre.. Youre Ross and Rachel.
 Joey:Thats what I hear yeah.
 Joey:Come on I mean you know me you know...
 Joey:Im crazy about her.
 Joey:I think so.
 Joey:Yeah but Ross I mean youre not okay with it.
 Joey:No no no no that was - that was just for me. Are you sure about this?
 Joey:And were okay?
 Joey:Yeah. Its actually our first official date
 Joey:Naa no. This is the part Im actually good at.
 Joey:(pause) Its OK!
 Joey:Well I... I know exactly what Im gonna do!
 Joey:No no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have to appreciate their uniqueness.
 Joey:No I do six things! First I look deep in her eyes. Then I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh.
 Joey:NO! Not like that no no. No like this. (He starts lightly grazing Chandlers thigh)
 Joey:More foosball?
 Joey:I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems puzzled) Ha guess we won’t be going back there!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey what do you say we move this onto the likes of the couch?
 Joey:What’s the matter?
 Joey:I don’t get it Chandler loved it!
 Joey:Ok.
 Joey:(a little giddy) Uh was that good for you?
 Joey:Rach you sure you wanna do this?
 Joey:Ok. Well how how can we make it easier?
 Joey:Ok yeah got it.
 Joey:This thing welded shut?!
 Joey:All right turn around I got to get a look at this thing.
 Joey:Sorry!
 Joey:Im sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me before! Im an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one and it popped open! I blame your bra!
 Joey:Then I blame you! Yeah! Thats right! You threw me off with all your slapping!
 Joey:(contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said) NAH! I dont have another level!! 
 Joey:Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points to the hall).
 Joey:(To Rachel) Hey!
 Joey:Yes maam ready to Power through!
 Joey:Uh! (When shes done she throws her bra at him)
 Joey:Ok youre scaring me a little bit.
 Joey:Oh! yeah!
 Joey:uh uh!
 Joey:No no no! You kneed me in my misters!
 Joey:(He just sits there legs very close together with a painful look on his face) Soldier down!
 Joey:Well I know whats the matter with me.
 Joey:I dont know.
 Joey:Yeah was there a part of you that... felt like it was... really wrong?
 Joey:Yeah yeah... Absolutely. I mean just because somethings difficult doesnt mean that you quit.
 Joey:Yeah so we just keep trying and trying until we... do it.
 Joey:Thats a... pla-an.
 Joey:(sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming.
 Joey:I dont get it. I mean I was so sure this was what I wanted.
 Joey:I guess they werent as good friends as we are.
 Joey:So...
 Joey:I love ya.
 Joey:Yeah me too.
 Joey:Ooh yeah Im not going anywhere for a while.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:18 uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his How You Doin line)
 Joey:What what!? its for her hot friends!
 Joey:And starting to think about settling down!
 Joey:Id love to! Yeah! 
 Joey:(To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents?
 Joey:Oh yeah! How was I supposed to know?
 Joey:Yeah but for a one-year-old. Whats the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And hes standing next to this cow and the cow says El-moo! (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... thats a funny cup!
 Joey:Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that.
 Joey:Oh man this is great uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
 Joey:Hey Pheebs you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!
 Joey:No no no! My talents as an actor!
 Joey:You know I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books!
 Joey:Hey I think Emma might like it!
 Joey:Um my present!
 Joey:Actually we prepared performances.
 Joey:But equally real!
 Joey:(unconfidently) O K.
 Joey:Hey I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting!
 Joey:I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books.
 Joey:Uh why it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites uh (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth back and forth back and forth and while she held him she sang “I’ll love you forever I’ll like you for always as long as Im living my baby you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book). And while he rocked her he sang “I’ll love you forever I’ll like you for always as long as Im living my baby you’ll be”.
 Joey:Im so confused!
 Joey:Got it! (Goes towards the front door and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think youre going?
 Joey:Alright well the rest of you get comfortable ok because were gonna be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute there is a window in there!
 Joey:Well that one did not have Emmas face on it.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Ok! (Opens the door for them)
 Joey:Nighty-night!
 Joey:Bye bye.
 Joey:Hey hey hey hey! Im not gonna mess with Jack hes a great man he fought for our country.
 Joey:(Shocked) Oh! Well thats it! Hes the last one to go. Im locking you guys in. (turns the bolts of the door thereby locking it)
 Joey:Oh! I forgot you used to live here!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:Hey! (smiles)
 Joey:(smile fades) What audition?
 Joey:What? You never said anything about an audition!
 Joey:A monologue? I dont have.. (sees the book he was reading before for his dramatic reading) I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room) Aah! so... Im gonna take off!
 Joey:Oh! I got it! Ok everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
 Joey:Okay Monica picks ten I call nine! Anyone else?
 Joey:Or.. we could flip a coin and then multiply the..
 Joey:Right.
 Joey:Ok ladies and gentlemen wind your toys! (they do so)
 Joey:Come on robot!
 Joey:Way to go robot!
 Joey:Hey good race you guys.
 Joey:Okay if Ross and Rachel ask Ive been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME!
 Joey:(to Ross and Rachel) Ive been here the whole time!
 Joey:What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis.
 Joey:Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time!
 Joey:No! No... and for the record Ive also never given her a frosting from a can!
 Joey:U-U-Um I think theres been an oversight.
 Joey:Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!
 Joey:I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby you know and I would love to help you get one.
 Joey:Thank you! Alright let me see how Im gonna start... Dear baby adoption decider people...
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Uhm... Arent you a little overdressed?
 Joey:Thats right yeah.
 Joey:Always nice to meet a fan!
 Joey:I know she may be the hottest girl Ive ever hated.
 Joey:(using a laptop) Oh Monica and Chandlers recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I dont know any big words or anything so...
 Joey:What did I just say?
 Joey:Oh my God thats great! Im smart!! No no Im... (he uses the Thesaurus) brainy bright clever I love this thing! Look out ladies Joey Tribbianis got the whole package!!
 Joey:Hey finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
 Joey:(sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya?
 Joey:Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus!
 Joey:Yep!
 Joey:Oh ‘They are warm nice people with big hearts’.
 Joey:Yeah yeah and hey I really mean it dude.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Ah look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You slept out here?
 Joey:But uhm were getting rid of her right? Rach please tell me we’re getting rid of her.
 Joey:Oh come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping Amy badly) Uoh oh oh a moment on the lips forever on the hips! I don’t need that kind of talk in my house!
 Joey:Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone?
 Joey:Yeah Monica made us!
 Joey:Yeaah.
 Joey:(yelling at her) I’M CURVY AND I LIKE IT!
 Joey:Great Im finished! In fact I just dropped it off at the agency.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:No can do amigo. No I didnt use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked)
 Joey:Yeah and dont worry. I didnt try to sound smart at all! See ya later! (Leaves)
 Joey:(picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh hi! Well Im glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy arent home right now... (looks puzzled) Okay bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was nice!
 Joey:Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachels room)
 Joey:(Yelling from Rachels room) She has a lot of crap!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Well hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe) Heres to Phoebe whos found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and... (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike!
 Joey:(Looking inside the fridge and we only see his back. Then he closes the door and we see its Joey.) Hi sweetie!
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Cool!
 Joey:Thats great! Hey can you cast me in it?
 Joey:What do you mean? I can do anything Im a chameleon! Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) Im old! (then he yawns) Im tired! (then he mimes someone whos hot...) Hey Im hot (...and cold) Im cold!! Huh?? Come on! What cant I do?
 Joey:I can do that! (in a deeper voice) Hello Im your professor. When Im not busy thinking of important things or... professing. I like to use... Oh whats the product?
 Joey:(after a long pause he starts miming again) Im cold!
 Joey:Oh! Any word on casting yet?
 Joey:What do you mean? Rach dont I seem like a professor youd buy some kind of e-crap from?
 Joey:Just watch it and if you dont like it you dont pass it on to your bosses!
 Joey:Thank you. (he sits down)
 Joey:Damn it! (he leaves)
 Joey:Just pass it to your boss!
 Joey:Whats up?
 Joey:(sounds disappointed) Oh.
 Joey:(looks at him suspiciously) But ehm... you watched the tape?
 Joey:(sounds confident) You didnt watch the tape.
 Joey:Look its one thing not to cast me but to lie to me?
 Joey:Well you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room and is observing the conversation)
 Joey:Keep going Pinocchio!
 Joey:(yelling back) No you didnt! (turns and goes towards his room)
 Joey:You still here?
 Joey:Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there ok? First you lied right? Then you lied about lying ok? Then you lied about lying about lying ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of lyings in the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying!
 Joey:(very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why? (goes back into his room)
 Joey:(comes out holding the tape) Heres how I know you didnt watch the tape ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this tape believe me you would have some comments. Alright now remember I got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins)
 Joey:(Yelling at Chandler) And thats how I know you didnt watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).
 Joey:(enters from his bedroom) What?
 Joey:I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very reasonable price.
 Joey:But its an original Buffay...
 Joey:Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!?
 Joey:GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE!
 Joey:Thats not the point Chandler. The point is that you lied.
 Joey:Now what do you say?
 Joey:And?... AND?
 Joey:Gladys?
 Joey:Youre mean!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Whats going on?
 Joey:Hey is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
 Joey:Hey maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! Its very impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
 Joey:(pointing at himself) Celebrity.
 Joey:(going out with the VCR in his hand) Well I guess well never know whose it is!
 Joey:(form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity? 
 Joey:Guys? Everything ok? Its me Joe...
 Joey:Guys!?
 Joey:Whats going on?
 Joey:Everything doesnt sound fine!
 Joey:Well you wouldnt let me in so I thought you were in trouble.
 Joey:But you called me Bert!? Thats our code word for danger!
 Joey:We dont? We really should. From now on Bert will be our code word for danger.
 Joey:(quivering with anger) I did not care for that!
 Joey:Ok ok! (He leaves)
 Joey:I forgot my bat.
 Joey:(to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert!
 Joey:Uhm... ok... uhm... Well yeah... You have got some nerve coming back here. I cant believe you never called me.
 Joey:Oh... yeah... Probably you dont even remember my name. Its Joey by the way. And dont bother telling me yours because I totally remember it... lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me.
 Joey:No no! Dont try to turn this around on me ok? Im not some kind of... social work ok that you can just... do.
 Joey:Really? Think about it. Come on! Youre a beautiful woman smart funny we had a really good time huh? If I had your number why wouldnt I call you?
 Joey:No no hey no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the apartment leaving her shocked)
 Joey:(acting sad) NO! I waited a long time I cant wait anymore... (and closes the door behind him)
 Joey:LAURA! (and points to her very confident)
 Joey:Dont you put words in peoples mouths you put turkey in peoples mouths!
 Joey:Three tickets to todays Rangers game!!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah theyre great seats too!
 Joey:Center ice.
 Joey:So well leave before its over well be back in time.
 Joey:Dude two times that happened!
 Joey:Right I guess. Alright so see you at four.
 Joey:Thats some gentle comedy dude. (he and Ross leave)
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Oh Bob get off the guy!
 Joey:I know yeah.
 Joey:Yeah. I am sorry hes not here too but I got to say (takes some nachos from a plate on the seat where Chandler should have been) I am really enjoying Nacho Chair.
 Joey:Ohhhh! These seats are great!
 Joey:(looks at the time) Wow hey wed better get going. If we dont leave right now well be late for dinner.
 Joey:I dont know...
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:How late are we?
 Joey:Wow (He opens his apartment door and throws their stuff in.)
 Joey:Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were! (he raises his hands and on his right one theres a Rangers foam finger)
 Joey:Oh no no no no no. You just want to put it on your hand!
 Joey:You are not at Thanksgiving?
 Joey:We figured we could be late because you guys were gonna be on time (he points the foam finger at the girls)
 Joey:Yeah where were you!
 Joey:Wait a second wait a second where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before...
 Joey:(realizing) Oh! Thats Alicia Mae Emorys outfit!
 Joey:All right. Hey Rach while youre in there throw something on Alicia Mae.
 Joey:No. Here (he tears off the pocket from Ross shirt and tears off everything below that as well.)
 Joey:(whispering) Who do you think its from?
 Joey:I hate that thing its like a... bolt of lightning.
 Joey:(smiling from ear to ear) Ah-haah! I win!!
 Joey:Thats fire. Beats everything.
 Joey:Ooh! Well played Phoebe Buffay well played.
 Joey:I had a dream once about a fax machine that did that. (Ross picks it up)
 Joey:(holds his fist up) WATER BALLOON! (he stuffs the slice in is mouth and gives the foil back to Ross)
 Joey:(to Ross) Just get in there and make a face to face apology you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
 Joey:Im telling ya... (his eyes open wide and he looks like his eyes are about to pop out. He stares at Ross like this without blinking) I can do it.
 Joey:Oh! It all looks so beautiful the turkey the stuffing...
 Joey:(still with his door wedged in the door gap now opens his eyes wide and stares at Monica and Chandler as he did with Ross earlier in the hall) Hey listen guys we feel really terrible.
 Joey:Come on you guys we want you to know were (His eye widen even more) very very sorry. (Monica and Chandler are now covering their eyes with their hands) (then to the others in the hall) Right guys?
 Joey:(smiling) Now lets not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Lets move past this and try to have a nice meal all together huh?
 Joey:Hey! Im getting a little tired of this okay? We said were sorry. Its Thanksgiving for Petes sakes! A day of forgiveness!
 Joey:(to Ross mouthing) Dont make me come up there!
 Joey:Fine! Lets just go. I dont need your stupid dinner.
 Joey:Sorry!
 Joey:Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving.
 Joey:Yeah! You Chan and the vein!
 Joey:Ha!
 Joey:Oh-oh! Im stuck!
 Joey:No seriously... Im really wedged in here.
 Joey:(in agony) aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! Im worried about damaging my head.
 Joey:Alright hurry up you gotta do something.
 Joey:I just wanna say that Im sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person...
 Joey:Oh that smells good!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:It isnt working.
 Joey:Well hurry I cant feel my ears!
 Joey:Interesting...
 Joey:I left them at the park.
 Joey:Its really starting to hurt.
 Joey:Ooh! Stop putting things down my pants!
 Joey:Yeah! Come on!
 Joey:(looking at himself) Man Ive got food all over me.
 Joey:Oh I know how you feel...
 Joey:Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys R Us... She was in stock!
 Joey:I cant believe it. When you guys come back youre gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
 Joey:But just think ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys?
 Joey:Im gonna say someone Im gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey!
 Joey:So... whos your friend?
 Joey:OW why why why?
 Joey:Oh name one friend of yours that I did that with.
 Joey:Mandy uh? Uh... really hot blonde big boobs?
 Joey:I know why I dont remember her huh? (he winks at Rachel)
 Joey:Ok I may not have treated your friends well in the past but I have grown up a lot really. Honest Rach?
 Joey:(pointing at himself) Growth!
 Joey:Ok thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy.
 Joey:Saraaah.
 Joey:I can see why nice shirt!
 Joey:Stupid Gap on every corner!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Well...
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Oh really? You know what your great friend did? Were out to dinner ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) Were getting along having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then out of nowhere...
 Joey:Hey hey look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent.
 Joey:ALL FOOD!
 Joey:Hey hey hey hey. Look. I take a girl out she can order whatever she wants! The more the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers!
 Joey:(mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD!
 Joey:(he thinks a little considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about?
 Joey:I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!!
 Joey:(now laughing a little) Dude I really dont think you should be wearing that.
 Joey:(looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!!
 Joey:Oh that looks great! Good ordering!
 Joey:oh I didnt know you liked French fries. Help yourself! Whats mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries)
 Joey:Uuuh.. yes they are my stuffed clams.
 Joey:How about those fries though huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate thus blocking her from reaching his)
 Joey:(Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful you know that?
 Joey:Oh (grinning trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back)
 Joey:(Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!!
 Joey:I dont like it when people take food off of my plate okay?
 Joey:WELL I DIDNT MEAN IT!
 Joey:Im sorry Im overreacting. Okay Its just when it comes to food I have certain rules okay I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you dont do (He takes a bite from it).
 Joey:I really am sorry about you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you.
 Joey:(Jokingly) Well stuffed clams.
 Joey:Uh excuse me sir there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake.
 Joey:(More to himself than anyone else) So stupid ordering cheesecake trying to 
 Joey:Oh all right Ill just have what shes having instead.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure. No problem.
 Joey:Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule?
 Joey:(laughing) Really?
 Joey:Yeah of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room)
 Joey:(to the torte) Stop staring at me!
 Joey:Why just a tiny little...
 Joey:Oh-oh!
 Joey:Im not even sorry.
 Joey:(nods) So why are you still wearing it?
 Joey:Ooh... Not so good.
 Joey:Yeah and you know what? We could do a lot worse.
 Joey:(shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESNT SHARE FOOD!
 Joey:Cmon youre going out with the guy! Theres gotta be something wrong with him!
 Joey:Instead of...?
 Joey:Never had that dream.
 Joey:This guy says hello I wanna kill myself.
 Joey:Ohh.
 Joey:And you never knew she was a lesbian...
 Joey:Alright Ross look. Youre feeling a lot of pain right now. Youre angry. Youre hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
 Joey:Strip joint! Cmon youre single! Have some hormones!
 Joey:I say push her down the stairs.
 Joey:(comforting her) And hey you need anything you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And hes away a lot.
 Joey:What like theres a rule or something?
 Joey:Whos Paul?
 Joey: Hey Paul!
 Joey:Heres a little tip she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs you wanna help?
 Joey:Im thinking weve got a bookcase here.
 Joey:(picking up a leftover part) Whats this?
 Joey:Which goes where?
 Joey:Done with the bookcase!
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey-hey if youre gonna start with that stuff were outta here.
 Joey:Ross let me ask you a question. She got the furniture the stereo the good TV- what did you get?
 Joey:You got screwed.
 Joey:Shut up!
 Joey:What are you talking about? One woman? Thats like saying theres only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something Ross. Theres lots of flavors out there. Theres Rocky Road and Cookie Dough and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get em with Jimmies or nuts or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married you were like what eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
 Joey:Great story!  But I uh I gotta go I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...  Oh man (looks to Chandler)
 Joey:Right.  Thanks.  Its June.  Im outta here. (Exits.)
 Joey:Congratulations.
 Joey:Listen while youre on a roll if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... (Joey and Chandler taste the coffee grimace and pour it into a plant pot.) Although actually Im really not that hungry...
 Joey:Morning Paul.
 Joey:That wasnt a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
 Joey:Yeah Im an actor.
 Joey:I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
 Joey:Look it was a job all right?
 Joey:I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)
 Joey:You should both know that hes a dead man.  Oh Chandler? (Starts after Chandler.)
 Joey:(sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line!
 Joey:(bursts out laughing again) I cant believe you didnt know it was a line!
 Joey:I cant believe what Im hearing here.
 Joey:Oh you wouldnt know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.
 Joey:Uhm... oh... I dont know its too hard.
 Joey:Oh... food. No sex. Food! Sex! Food! Se-I dont know! Good God I dont know I want girls on bread!
 Joey:Chandler? Forty-five minutes? Well something is not right. I just can’t believe he would do this to Monica!
 Joey:Hey is uhm... is Chandler here?
 Joey:(walking towards her to hold her and support her) Monica you understand what we are saying right?
 Joey:(to Chandler) You son of a bitch!
 Joey:I knew he couldnt be with a woman for 45 minutes!!
 Joey:(clearly shocked) What?
 Joey:Shouldnt we all vote on stuff like this?!
 Joey:No no its not dont listen to him! (to Ross) Im gonna thump you! (points his fist at him)
 Joey:Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? (Walks towards the fridge) Because I can stop doing that (looks at the fridge) I really really think I can!
 Joey:What the hell are you doin?
 Joey:(he has a turkey on his head) Its stuck!!!
 Joey:I put it on to scare Chandler!
 Joey:It smells really bad in here.
 Joey:Its Joey.
 Joey:(shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
 Joey:Oooooh!
 Joey:Big fat goalie.
 Joey:Weekend at Bernie’s.
 Joey:Everyday use.
 Joey:Guest.
 Joey:Uhh 11!
 Joey:Hey don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
 Joey:(panicking) Dude! Hes right there!
 Joey:Rachels right. This is where you guys belong.
 Joey:Im really sorry you guys.
 Joey:You know Im really sorry I wasnt more supportive before.
 Joey:And about this Nancy thing... If youre not sleeping with her should I?
 Joey:A meatball Sub? Thanks! (he got a meatball sandwich)
 Joey:(speaking with his mouth full enjoying his sandwich) What did they say?
 Joey:Hey guys!
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:Would you guys want to come down tomorrow and watch me tape the show?
 Joey:Seriously?
 Joey:(to Gene) I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax Im just like you! (pause) Only better looking and richer.
 Joey:(on the screen theres the word Supermarket) Uhm... ok. Its a store like a supermarket. (there is a sound indicating he made a mistake as he shouldnt have said supermarket. The next word appears notebook) Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah ok ok uhm... Im writing in my...
 Joey:Noo (whispering) more like a notebook... Damn it! (next word appears blueprint) Oh if Im building an house the plan isnt called the shmoo-print... Cant say that either? Woha... hey... (the last word is Football field and there are 5 seconds left) In high school I once had sex with a girl right in the middle of the...
 Joey:Yeah! But that is not what theyre looking for. (times finished) OOOH!
 Joey:Ahaha he might as well just give us the points.
 Joey:A spoon. Your hands. Your face!
 Joey:Paper snow a ghost!
 Joey:A rock a dog the earth.
 Joey:Salami anchovies jam!
 Joey:Paper snow a ghost!
 Joey:Chickens?
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:Ketchup!
 Joey:Relish!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:Oh so we didnt win but its fun to play the game right?
 Joey:Oh wow! Im so sorry ok? I promise well do better next time!
 Joey:Hey you know some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? (pause). Yeah!
 Joey:(To Henrietta) My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know nursery rhymes! (makes a thumbs up sign)
 Joey:Oh .. uh... uh... pass. (Next word Rotunda) Pass. (Next word Filibuster stares at it a moment) Pass. (Henrietta is looking very confused) (Next word Addendum 4 seconds remaining) Okay the little thing that hangs down at the back of your throat.
 Joey:Oh then pass. (Next word Joint session but times up Joey acts very disappointed)
 Joey:(nervously) Yeah...
 Joey:I-I-I dont know. Types of trees?
 Joey:(sympathetic) Oh Im so sorry. I dont know any Spanish words.
 Joey:Things that go tssst when you put them out.
 Joey:Things that burn.
 Joey:Dude dude! I think youre losing it.
 Joey:Oh oh oh... What a dog says.
 Joey:(instantly) Pizza toppings next!
 Joey:Oh oh oh... (5 seconds left)
 Joey:Girls Chandler could never get?
 Joey:Where? (looking around)
 Joey:Uh hey.
 Joey:(afraid) Yeah.
 Joey:So he cant come?
 Joey:Seriously?
 Joey:I am pretty wisdomous.
 Joey:Are you kidding? Phoebe I would be honored. (they hug)
 Joey:(takes her hand) Listen I hope... that you know... (has difficulty saying it) I dont want you to see your father cry GO TO YOUR ROOM!
 Joey:Oh no no no let your dad get this.
 Joey:Hey youre Mikes parents right?
 Joey:Ah our little ones are growing up fast uh?
 Joey:You know on the one hand youre happy for them but on the other hand its hard to let go.
 Joey:Hey Im not that fond of you either ok buddy? But Im just trying to be nice for the kids!
 Joey:So you know Im filling in for Phoebes step dad tomorrow right?
 Joey:Oh hey my pleasure. (he suddenly becomes very serious) So what are your intentions with my Phoebe?
 Joey:Oh a wiseacre. (Mike looks bewildered). No no no I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isnt that kind of unstable?
 Joey:Strike two!
 Joey:Strike three! You only get one more Mike!
 Joey:Oh man! I wouldnt have had breakfast if I knew there was going to be corsages!
 Joey:(to Mike) Hello Michael.
 Joey:May I have a word with you please?
 Joey:Have a seat. (Mike sits on his bed and Joey towers over him. He starts talking in an Italian godfather-type voice) Last night I tried to welcome you into my family... and instead you disrespect me... (shakes his head) I cannot allow this.
 Joey:More back talk. And yes I may be borrowing a few lines from my recent unsuccessful audition for Family Honor 2 Thissa Time Itsa Personal.
 Joey:I want you to take this seriously! Phoebe is very very important to me ok? And I wanna make sure that you are gonna take care of her.
 Joey:(very satisfied and smiling) Thats what I wanted to hear! Because shes family ok and now youre gonna be family and there is nothing more important in the whole world than family.
 Joey:(almost crying) That was ME!
 Joey:Im glad we had this little talk.
 Joey:(staring at the ice sculpture) How bad do you want to stick your tongue on that? (They all glare at him)
 Joey:Hey what are you guys gonna do?
 Joey:The blizzard. I just saw on the news its like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels. (Opens the curtains to reveal a snow storm outside)
 Joey:I dont think they are.
 Joey:Yeah according to the news most of the city did.
 Joey:Uh for your information since they hired a very hot weather girl.
 Joey:Oh hey dont worry. Im still ordained from your wedding.
 Joey:Yeah youd think Id give up being a minister and start paying to ride the subway? Huhuh...
 Joey:I had to read the Bible pretty carefully but... yeah we do.
 Joey:Friends family dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so Im gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
 Joey:(whispering to Phoebe) Okay...
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Oh okay. Phoebe do you take this man to be your husband?
 Joey:Mike do you take this woman to be your wife?
 Joey:I now pronounce you... husband and wife.
 Joey:It was yeah. I kind of dont want it to end. Hey you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
 Joey:Nice. Oh hey what about Ross?
 Joey:Well anyway Im glad youre back I really need your help.
 Joey:I have an audition for this play and for some of it I have to speak French. Which according to my résumé Im fluent in.
 Joey:Well so will you help me? I really wanna be in this play.
 Joey:Je de coup Clow.
 Joey:Ok.
 Joey:Je depli mblue.
 Joey:Really? It sounds exactly the same to me.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Got it.
 Joey:Je te flouppe Fli.
 Joey:Oh de fuff!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Welcome to New York City! Or should I say ghe deu flooff New York City?
 Joey:Oh you know what you should do? You should walk all the way at the top of Statue of Liberty.
 Joey:Je do call blue!
 Joey:je.
 Joey:mah
 Joey:pel.
 Joey:je.
 Joey:mah
 Joey:pel.
 Joey:Me pooh pooh!
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:(he goes out calling her) Dont move! Dont go! I need you! My audition is tomorrow! Shah blue blah! Me lah peeh! Ombrah! (he gives up). Pooh.
 Joey:Huh un blu bla flu flenk!
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh no thats okay I dont need your help. I worked on it myself and I gotta say I am pretty good!
 Joey:Sure sure. Ok (clears his throat and starts to read from his script. He starts talking in a fake French accent making gestures with his hands) Bleu de la bleu de la blu bla bleu (Phoebe looks astonished annoyed and disgusted Joey seems very proud though) See?
 Joey:(offended) Oh well I think I am yeah and I think Im definitely gonna get the part.
 Joey:For one thing the guy on the tape said I was doing a good job!
 Joey:Right. (clears his throat) Dja bu bu Claude. Uh cest la pu les la lu blah bloo.
 Joey:Dude come on! French it u-up!
 Joey:Toutes la smore! Bu blu-ay bloo blah ooh! Pfoof!
 Joey:Sa-sa-saw!
 Joey:Ah. All right. But my French was good?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Oh-hoh! Ha-hah! See!
 Joey:Yeah-hah. Toute-de-le-fruit.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Would fall off a lot.
 Joey:That I can do.
 Joey:All right watch me! (he takes a full container of milk from the fridge) Okay you time me. Ready?
 Joey:(enters) Guess what? (they all look expectantly at him) I finally got that seed out of my teeth.
 Joey:(enters) Hey guys.
 Joey:No thank you.
 Joey:But no its not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldnt even find it on the map.
 Joey:You know what? You are my friends I wanna be supportive I will come with you. SHOTGUN!
 Joey:What? No the only reason Im going to their stupid new house is so I can point out everything thats wrong with it so they dont move. Im gonna make them stay here.
 Joey:Hey hey... I can convince people to do anything you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that thing. What is it?
 Joey:I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye! (he leaves)
 Joey:Me too. Yeah this place is great. Im so happy for you guys. Although you know I hope you like fungus.
 Joey:Fungus! Yeah. Place is full of it.
 Joey:Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.
 Joey:Maybe. So this is the living room huh? Ooh its pretty dark. (starts feeling around him like hes in a completely dark room touching Chandler who backs out and hits him)
 Joey:(squinting his eyes) Are you kiddin? I think I just saw a bat in the corner!
 Joey:(glares at him for a moment then admits grudgingly) Maybe. Well I just think you guys can do better than this house you know? Or any other house for that matter.
 Joey:FINE ok if you love this house so much then you should just live here okay? I just hope you get used to that weird humming sound. (He turns his back to them and starts humming) Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
 Joey:no... hmmmmm... its not... hmmmmmmmmmm
 Joey:(turns the card around obviously had the wrong answer) Ow!
 Joey:Oh hi Im Joey. My stupid friends are buying this house. Who are you?
 Joey:(understanding) Oh.
 Joey:I hate my friends. (They shake on it as if they just made a pact) Alright look. Theres gotta be a way that we can stop this from happening.
 Joey:(thinking) Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me and you tell them that the house is haunted!
 Joey:Woah uh! Okay lets hear your great idea.
 Joey:(frustrated) Ahh! Theres gotta be a way. I mean you know if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just leaves me and Ross and Rach you know what I mean?
 Joey:What am I gonna do I feel like Im losing my friends.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure easy for you youre young. Me Im set in my ways.
 Joey:Yeah yeah I guess.
 Joey:(having difficulty admitting it) Yeah maybe.
 Joey:(In near tears realizes she is right) I hate to admit it but youre probably right. How did you get to be so smart?
 Joey:(his mood changes instantly) Just when I thought we could be friends. (he leaves the room)
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Oh just er... you know looking around. But you know what? This house... is great.
 Joey:Oh well the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
 Joey:(frightened) What?
 Joey:Thats not funny! You know Im afraid of little girl ghosts!
 Joey:What? I get my own room?
 Joey:Oh my God! (they all hug) Oh! Hey can I have an aquarium? And a sex swing?
 Joey:Why not? Ill keep the tank clean.
 Joey:I mean this soap opera is a great gig but... am I missing opportunities? You know Ive always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean should I be trying to do more independent movies?
 Joey:Hey bear I need some career advice.
 Joey:Hey great! All right!
 Joey:What? No no no! No no... no... no no... No too much is changing okay? First Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid suburbs...
 Joey:Well it comes and goes. I wouldnt trust it.
 Joey:No no no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA.
 Joey:Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out and Rachel follows him)
 Joey:Hey Phoebe.
 Joey:I’m just mad at my agent.
 Joey:There’s a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I didn’t even be put up for it! She’d better have a good reason.
 Joey:Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I’m wanna hear it because she keeps doing this.
 Joey:Ok. Why?
 Joey:I love that saying!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:I was just gonna call you! That’s weird.
 Joey:Yeah actually I am!
 Joey:That’s it? You know it seems all you do lately is drop the ball.
 Joey:No no look. All I’m saying is that you’re my agent ok? And you’re not getting me into any auditions and I’m tired of it.
 Joey:I’m saying that… (pause). This isnt working for me anymore ok? Estelle you’re fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone).
 Joey:Yeah I just… I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be killing her.
 Joey:I don’t know. She’s got to be taking it hard I was like her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I’m guessing he eats more money than he makes. Look I know she’s not a great agent but she did stick with me for ten years. I’m gonna call her and hire her again.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:(impressed) You blow me away.
 Joey:I promise. And that means never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops herself from laughing and leaves)
 Joey:Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings he picks it up) Hello?
 Joey:Estelle?
 Joey:(still scared) Ok-ay. I just I cant believe youre calling me?
 Joey:No no no! (Starts looking around the room terrified) Dont drop by dont drop by!
 Joey:Can I ask you something? Uhm whats it like there?
 Joey:Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display) out of area. Boy Ill say.
 Joey:Thank you all for coming. Were here today to pay respects to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... (Joey looks at the photograph) ..inside. As Estelles only two clients we would like to say a few words. (Joey looks for his notes. The man next to him is chewing something.) Dude wheres my speech? (the man swallows something and looks at Joey.) That is entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody. (he applauds and Al shows that theres nothing left in his mouth.)
 Joey:All right all right all right lets play one more time ok? And remember if I win you do not move to Paris.
 Joey:Just flip!
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Try it I cant feel a thing! (Ross starts punching him too)
 Joey:You guys hear a ringing?
 Joey:Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line nice! I didnt know you guys had it in ya!
 Joey:Mhm maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard!
 Joey:(entering the room) Hey.
 Joey:Oh shes putting Emma down shell be over in a second.
 Joey:Now it just hit her that shes leaving and shes kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off ok?
 Joey:What did I just say?
 Joey:Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins tails I lose. (he stops and starts realizing something) Wait a minute...
 Joey:I forgot to pick up my dry cleaning!
 Joey:Huh if I had to guess Id say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
 Joey:I really made you think about that thing uh?
 Joey:(still very emotional) Lucky bastard!
 Joey:All right lets think about this. I mean theres got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anything to make her mad?
 Joey:Im sure hes not more bummed out than I am.
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah good idea. (he mimes hitting his head with his fist)
 Joey:Whos that dirty old lady?
 Joey:Come on here have a seat.
 Joey:Chandler wait wait wait...
 Joey:If you get a second find out where she got that cheeseburger.
 Joey:A little more.
 Joey:A little more a little more. (she stuffs some more down his pants and Joeys assesses the how many there already are in there.) A little more... All right. Okay all right lets do this.
 Joey:Yeah. All right now give me your best shot.
 Joey:(in pain) Doesnt work... (he falls down on on his knees with his head on the floor)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Its my house-warming present for Monica and Chandler.
 Joey:Uh-huh. And I named them Chick Jr. and Duck Jr.
 Joey:Yeah I figure theyll love it at the new house you know? It has that big backyard. And then when they get old they can go to that special farm that Chandler took the other chick and duck to.
 Joey:Yeah. Its a shame people cant visit there.
 Joey:Yeah Erica went into labor last night. Monica and Chandler are at the hospital right now!
 Joey:Uh I think shes still asleep. Hey hey how did it go with you guys last night? She seemed pretty pissed at you.
 Joey:Oh my God. You and Rachel?
 Joey:So what does that mean? Are you guys getting back together?
 Joey:So so is she still going to Paris?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:I bet you did!
 Joey:Sure yeah. Will you just keep an eye on the chick and the duck?
 Joey:Oh my God! What did you say?
 Joey:You cant just give up! Is that what a dinosaur would do?
 Joey:Dude Im just trying to speak your language.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh youre not taking her with you tonight?
 Joey:Ross wait!
 Joey:Could you get me a muffin?
 Joey:Hey you know what might help?
 Joey:Its a... Its a welcome home sign for the baby.
 Joey:No I sat in the paint.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Yeah I know what you mean. I mean sometimes...
 Joey:Damn it!
 Joey:You know the baby cant read Mike!
 Joey:Monica just called from the cab. She said they should be here any minute. And apparently theres some big surprise.
 Joey:(To Monica) Hey so what is the big surprise?
 Joey:Oh theyre so cute! Now what what kinds are they?
 Joey:Hey that pregnant girls name was Erica.
 Joey:Hey maybe thats for the best.
 Joey:Yeah. You know? You just... Look you gotta... You gotta think about last night the way she does okay? Maybe maybe sleeping together was the perfect way to say goodbye?
 Joey:Maybe thats okay. You know? Maybe maybe it is better this way? I mean now now you can move on. I mean youve been trying to for so long maybe now that youre on different continents.. (Looks at Phoebe) Right?
 Joey:Maybe now you can actually do it. You know? You can finally get over her.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Yeah you are!
 Joey:This is so cool!
 Joey:But Ross Ross. What do you what do you think shes going to say?
 Joey:Good luck good luck!
 Joey:Oh hey hey can I give you guys your house-warming present now?
 Joey:Alright!
 Joey:Ah... Chick Jr.? Duck Jr.? Dont hide from mama!
 Joey:Quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack quack tweet tweet quack tweet quack...
 Joey:Okay I wanted to surprise you but for your house-warming gift I got you a baby-chick and a baby-duck!
 Joey:Yeah yeah they must have jumped off the table cause now theyre gone!
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:You stepped on my egg roll?
 Joey:Just put it on a plate and leave.
 Joey:Alright.
 Joey:Wait wait. Do you hear that?
 Joey:Oh! Theyre in the table!
 Joey:We gotta get them out of there!
 Joey:Oh oh! Maybe we can lure them out. You know any birdcalls?
 Joey:Well maybe we can just tip the table a little.
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:Oh God! So what do we do?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Does that mean we have to bust it open?
 Joey:Oh my God!
 Joey:All right you know what? We dont have a choice. Its like I would have said in that sci-fi movie if Id gotten the part. Those are our men in there we have to get them out! Even if I have to sacrifice the most important thing in my life; my time-machine.
 Joey:It did not.
 Joey:(yelling) Dont worry you guys were gonna get you out of there.
 Joey:Okay. Here goes.
 Joey:I need to say goodbye to the table first.
 Joey:Okay. Table you have given us so many great times. And you guys Jordan Victor Joel... All of you guys. What can I say? You guys make us look good. You wanna say anything?
 Joey:Okay here we go. I cant do it.
 Joey:Yeah theyre stuck inside the table!
 Joey:Yeah you didnt even use the tools for most of it!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Probably not. Nah. I dont know how much Im gonna wanna play after you go.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Im gonna miss these little guys. It was nice having birds around again.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:I could get a goose!
 Joey:Thanks man. Did you hear that you guys? Youre gonna get to stay here! And and its good you know cause cause now you have a reason to come visit.
 Joey:Uh lame cool guy handshake yeah.
 Joey:Yeah. Uh does this mean theres nothing to eat?
 Joey:I love you!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So did you guys make it in time?
 Joey:Has it always been purple?
 Joey:Yeah. I guess so.
 Joey:Yeah right!.......Yserious?
 Joey:(pause)....Are we still talking about sex?
 Joey:Yeah sorry the swallowing slowed me down.
 Joey:Yeah calm down. You dont see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
 Joey:Alright whendya have it on last?
 Joey:.....Well this is still ruined right?
 Joey:Your folks are really that bad huh?
 Joey:What are we supposed to be seeing here?
 Joey:Since always. Its like dating language. Yknow like Its not you means It is you.
 Joey:Yeah. Cushions the blow.
 Joey:Warden in five minutes my pain will be over. But youll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die.
 Joey:Thanks! Lets keep going.
 Joey:I just wanna go back to my cell. Cause in my cell I can smoke.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Whoah!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No no no I am not giving you a cigarette.
 Joey:Ymiss it?
 Joey:Thats ridiculous!
 Joey:Yokay Phoebe?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Keep it!
 Joey:So when do we get to meet the guy?
 Joey:Let it go Ross.
 Joey:You can come in but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
 Joey:(shouting to Chandler) Chandler! Hes here!
 Joey:Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
 Joey:Alan.
 Joey:...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
 Joey:Well is it like a little annoying or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?
 Joey:Oh (Imitating Ross) you do do you?
 Joey:Do you have any respect for your body?
 Joey:(dragged in by Monica he has just gotten out of the shower) Whats going on?
 Joey:Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
 Joey:Oh God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.)
 Joey:So thats it? Its over? Just like that?
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:Probably kill myself!
 Joey:Hey if Little Joeys dead then I got no reason to live!
 Joey:You are? Ross Im sorry..
 Joey:...Ninety-five ninety-six ninety-seven. See I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
 Joey:(to Ross) Hey! Heres the birthday boy! Ross check it out hockey tickets Rangers-Penguins tonight at the Garden and were taking you.
 Joey:We love you man. (Kisses Ross)
 Joey:So?
 Joey:Whats wrong with the twentieth?
 Joey:The hell with hockey lets all do that!
 Joey:Cmon Ross!
 Joey:Oh youre fine yeah for a first job.
 Joey:Leetch spots Messier in the crease- theres the pass! (He kicks it to Ross but Ross is staring into a shop window.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:-Peaches?
 Joey:Hey that womans got an ass like Carols! (They turn to stare at him.) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
 Joey:Cmon sit. Just sit down sit.
 Joey:Well how long do you think itll be?
 Joey:Hes right enough already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:With Carol? (Ross gives him a look.) Oh.
 Joey:Whoah boy hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we couldve done tonight!
 Joey:Man. Can you believe hes only had sex with one woman?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Oh ah- the kid has it.
 Joey:Ok you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
 Joey:No plans huh?
 Joey:Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man just stop calling.
 Joey:My god Angela.
 Joey:No yeah no ok but not yet. I dont wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi two Mississippi three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. (he walks over to her) Hey Angela.
 Joey:You look good.
 Joey:You dont say.
 Joey:Bob? Who the hells Bob?
 Joey:Come on we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff but like talking too.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Fine fine so why dont the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know as friends?
 Joey:You know you and Bob and me and my girlfriend uh uh Monica.
 Joey:Monica Im tellin you this guy is perfect for you.
 Joey:Come on. This guys great. His names Bob. Hes Angelas... brother. Hes smart hes sophisticated and he has a real job. Me I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor but Bob is...
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Eww! Look Im asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother maybe Angela will come back to me.
 Joey:(proud) I know but I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
 Joey:Yep.
 Joey:Which what?
 Joey:No but hes...
 Joey:Oh my god.
 Joey:I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But Im not.
 Joey:So you and Angela huh?
 Joey:Youre a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel or a weasel.
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah listen for it.
 Joey:Yeah but its not gonna last. Shes too much for me in bed. Sexually.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Come on theyre close.
 Joey:Oh like youve never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
 Joey:Well whos to say whats true? I mean...
 Joey:All right look Im not proud of this ok? Well maybe I am a little.
 Joey:Ow!
 Joey:Wait wait wait. You want him I want her. He likes you.
 Joey:Yeah. Im thinking if we put our heads together between the two of us we can break them up.
 Joey:Uh waiter one more plate of chicken wings over here.
 Joey:Excellent.
 Joey:Vell Eva veve done some excellent vork here and I vould have to say your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)
 Joey:Whadja think?
 Joey:Cmon you guys it wasnt that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls at least you got to see my head.
 Joey:The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
 Joey:Whos Rick?
 Joey:I couldnt do it.
 Joey:When Im with a woman I need to know that Im going out with more people than she is.
 Joey:(on phone) Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay Ill be there! (He hangs up and to all.) That was my agent. (He tosses and catches the phone.) My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
 Joey:Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guys the reason I became an actor! Im out of order? Pfeeeh. Youre out of order! This whole courtrooms out of order!
 Joey:Just when I thought I was out they pull me back in!
 Joey:...Im his (mumbles)
 Joey:...Im his butt double. Kay? I play Al Pacinos butt. Alright? He goes into the shower and then- Im his butt.
 Joey:Cmon you guys. This is a real movie and Al Pacinos in it and thats big!
 Joey:Okay okay fine! Make jokes I dont care! This is a big break for me!
 Joey:Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.
 Joey:Whaddya think? Todays the big day!
 Joey:Thank you! (He goes into the bathroom.)
 Joey:Uh listen I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.
 Joey:Me?
 Joey:Right. Okay. Losing the robe. (He takes off the robe.) And the robe is lost.
 Joey:Well Im- Im showering.
 Joey:Oh. Well the way I see it the guys upset here yknow? I mean his wifes dead his brothers missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
 Joey:I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:I got fired.
 Joey:Yeah they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybodys gonna go to the theatre expecting to see me and...
 Joey:My mom will.
 Joey:Yknow Ive done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot and I blow it!
 Joey:Hard to tell I was naked.
 Joey:Yeah? Thats so nice! (They hug.)
 Joey:Hi everyone.
 Joey:Well Chandlers old roomate was Jewish and these are the only candles we have so... Happy Chanukah everyone.
 Joey:Whats up man?
 Joey:(to everyone) Oh my God! Hes trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! (on phone) Chandler listen. (says something intentionally garbled)
 Joey:OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the womens room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
 Joey:We have a winner!
 Joey:Its never gonna happen.
 Joey:You and Rachel.
 Joey:Because you waited too long to make your move and now youre in the friend zone.
 Joey:Ross youre mayor of the zone.
 Joey:Priesthood! Look Ross Im telling you she has no idea what youre thinking. If you dont ask her out soon youre going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
 Joey:Yeeeeaaaahhh! Whats messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? Youve just got to go up to her and say Rachel I think that... (Rachel comes into the room behind them)
 Joey:Are you going to do it?
 Joey:Do you want any help?
 Joey:Good luck man.
 Joey:OK. (Ross goes out on the balcony to talk to Rachel)
 Joey:Hey where are you going?
 Joey:You cant go out there.
 Joey:Because of... the reason.
 Joey:I um cant tell you.
 Joey:OK youve got to promise that youll never ever tell Ross that I told you.
 Joey:Hes planning your birthday party.
 Joey:(as Phoebe enters) Youd better act surprised.
 Joey:Hey dont look at me. This is Rosss thing.
 Joey:Sorry that was wax.
 Joey:(does a maniacal laugh) Bwah-hah-hah!
 Joey:Hey Ross. This probably isnt the best time to bring it up but you have to throw a party for Monica.
 Joey:Not me.
 Joey:Twice?
 Joey:You guys okay?
 Joey:Now see I dont believe any of that. I think once youre dead youre dead! Youre gone! Youre worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay huh?
 Joey:(entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Check it out Giants-Cowboys. (He has a pocket TV)
 Joey:No its the pre-game. Im gonna watch it at the reception.
 Joey:(hides the TV but he still has an earphone) Just a uh... hearing disability.
 Joey:Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third.
 Joey:Ooh look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
 Joey:Hey hey.
 Joey:Yes I am. As of today I am officially Joey Tribbiani actor slash model.
 Joey:You know those posters for the city free clinic?
 Joey:No but I hear lyme disease is open so... (crosses fingers)
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(to Monica) We did?
 Joey:Uh hi. We uh we used to work together.
 Joey:Yeah at Macys. You were the Obsession girl right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?
 Joey:I gotta tell you. Youre the best in the business.
 Joey:Im serious. Youre amazing. You know when to spritz when to lay back.
 Joey:Ooh you smell great tonight. Whatre you wearing?
 Joey:Listen uh you wanna go get a drink or something?
 Joey:Whats wrong?
 Joey:Oh. What?
 Joey:Wait wait wait!
 Joey:So I guess you all saw it.
 Joey:Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
 Joey:Chandler will you just come in already?
 Joey:Hey Monica I got a question. I dont see any tater tots.
 Joey:But my mom always makes them. Its like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork a little cranberry sauce and a tot! Its bad enough I cant be with my family because of my disease.
 Joey:The balloon?
 Joey:Wait wait we have a copy of your key.
 Joey:That tone will not make me go any faster.
 Joey:That one will.
 Joey:Nope not that one.
 Joey:Hey I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
 Joey:Hey we all had better plans. This was nobodys first choice.
 Joey:You call that delicious?
 Joey:Ive gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
 Joey:Oh I will.
 Joey:The bigger half.
 Joey:Hey hey.
 Joey:Yes I am. As of today I am officially Joey Tribbiani actor slash model.
 Joey:You know those posters for the city free clinic?
 Joey:No but I hear lyme disease is open so... (crosses fingers)
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(to Monica) We did?
 Joey:Uh hi. We uh we used to work together.
 Joey:Yeah at Macys. You were the Obsession girl right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?
 Joey:I gotta tell you. Youre the best in the business.
 Joey:Im serious. Youre amazing. You know when to spritz when to lay back.
 Joey:Ooh you smell great tonight. Whatre you wearing?
 Joey:Listen uh you wanna go get a drink or something?
 Joey:Whats wrong?
 Joey:Oh. What?
 Joey:Wait wait wait!
 Joey:So I guess you all saw it.
 Joey:Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
 Joey:Chandler will you just come in already?
 Joey:Hey Monica I got a question. I dont see any tater tots.
 Joey:But my mom always makes them. Its like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork a little cranberry sauce and a tot! Its bad enough I cant be with my family because of my disease.
 Joey:The balloon?
 Joey:Wait wait we have a copy of your key.
 Joey:That tone will not make me go any faster.
 Joey:That one will.
 Joey:Nope not that one.
 Joey:Hey I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
 Joey:Hey we all had better plans. This was nobodys first choice.
 Joey:You call that delicious?
 Joey:Ive gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
 Joey:Oh I will.
 Joey:The bigger half.
 Joey:I cant believe you said woowoo. I dont even say woowoo.
 Joey:Cmon shes your mom!
 Joey:Uhhhh.... Ill just pee in the street.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Right. No big deal.
 Joey:In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
 Joey:You dont kiss your friends mom! Sisters are okay maybe a hot-lookin aunt... but not a mom never a mom!
 Joey:Yeah well you dont have your racket.
 Joey:Yeah well you didnt call and leave your grip size.
 Joey:Ross how could you let this happen?
 Joey:You dont think my moms sexy?
 Joey:Ill have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day alright? You think its easy giving birth to seven children?
 Joey:He forgot to leave his grip size!
 Joey:So are you gonna tell him?
 Joey:How about cause if you dont his mother might.
 Joey:Uhhhh.... hes not even wearing a jockstrap!
 Joey:Uh... yknow knowledge is a tricky thing.
 Joey:Hey hey hey youre lucky I caught them when I did or else who knows what woulda happened.
 Joey:Me neither yknow what-
 Joey:What are you mad at me for?!
 Joey:(Shouting after him) Chandler I didnt kiss her he did! (To Ross) See what happens when you break the code?
 Joey:Ah! (Points to door) Huh? (Leaves and slams the door)
 Joey:(To Ross on the couch) Now heres a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me shes not a knockout.
 Joey:Cmon! Just try to picture her not pregnant thats all.
 Joey:(Laughing) Mother-Kisser... (Sees Rosss look) Ill shut up.
 Joey:Shh. He did it. He told her off and not just about the kiss about everything.
 Joey:No no. He said When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?
 Joey:Then she came back with The question is when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?
 Joey:That makes more sense.
 Joey:I dunno Ive been standing here spelling it out for you! (Goes back to the door) I dont hear anything. Oh wait wait wait. (Looks through the spyhole)
 Joey:Hard to tell theyre so tiny and upside-down. Wait wait. Theyre walking away... theyre walking away... No no theyre not theyre coming right at us! Run! Run!
 Joey:You usually find them on the heaving beasts.
 Joey:Ross did you really read all these baby books?
 Joey:Hey Ross listen you know that right now your babys only this big? (measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger) This is your baby. (in baby-like voice) Hi Daddy!
 Joey:(in baby-like voice) How come you dont live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) Whats a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross)
 Joey:I love babies with their little baby shoes and their little baby toes and their little baby hands...
 Joey:Need a new table.
 Joey:Thats the rule.
 Joey:Howd you get to that?
 Joey:You knew about that?
 Joey:Ok ok How about if we split it?
 Joey:Yeah
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Why are you moving out?
 Joey:Youd tell me if you were moving out right
 Joey:Aw I know all about Kip!
 Joey:Well let me ask you something was Kip a better roommate than me?
 Joey:So whats it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joeys ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)
 Joey:Or an uncle...
 Joey:Hey Chandler that table place closes at 7 come on.
 Joey:Whoa store will be open tomorrow!
 Joey:Feminist issue. Thats where I went!
 Joey:Will you pick one just pick one! Here how about that one? (points to a table)
 Joey:So what like people are gonna come in and think Uh-oh Im outside again? Of course!
 Joey:I dont know birds just dont say Hello sit here eat something.
 Joey:All right how about the ladybugs?
 Joey:Fine you want to get the birds get the birds!
 Joey:Who cares well eat at the sink! Come on lets play!
 Joey:No-no she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
 Joey:Yes now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there the first guy Rachel sees is you Shes gotta know that youre everything hes not! Youre like like the anti-Paolo!
 Joey:Wha-
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Uh its 230 in the morning!
 Joey:Oh yeah!
 Joey:Ross did you really read all these baby books?
 Joey:Hey Ross listen you know that right now your babys only this big? (measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger) This is your baby. (in baby-like voice) Hi Daddy!
 Joey:(in baby-like voice) How come you dont live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) Whats a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross)
 Joey:I love babies with their little baby shoes and their little baby toes and their little baby hands...
 Joey:Need a new table.
 Joey:Thats the rule.
 Joey:Howd you get to that?
 Joey:You knew about that?
 Joey:Ok ok How about if we split it?
 Joey:Yeah
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Why are you moving out?
 Joey:Youd tell me if you were moving out right
 Joey:Aw I know all about Kip!
 Joey:Well let me ask you something was Kip a better roommate than me?
 Joey:So whats it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joeys ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)
 Joey:Or an uncle...
 Joey:Hey Chandler that table place closes at 7 come on.
 Joey:Whoa store will be open tomorrow!
 Joey:Feminist issue. Thats where I went!
 Joey:Will you pick one just pick one! Here how about that one? (points to a table)
 Joey:So what like people are gonna come in and think Uh-oh Im outside again? Of course!
 Joey:I dont know birds just dont say Hello sit here eat something.
 Joey:All right how about the ladybugs?
 Joey:Fine you want to get the birds get the birds!
 Joey:Who cares well eat at the sink! Come on lets play!
 Joey:No-no she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
 Joey:Yes now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there the first guy Rachel sees is you Shes gotta know that youre everything hes not! Youre like like the anti-Paolo!
 Joey:Wha-
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Uh its 230 in the morning!
 Joey:Oh yeah!
 Joey:Im tellin you Ross she wants you.
 Joey:Youre in!
 Joey:Excuse me could we get an egg over here still in the shell? Thanks.
 Joey:Yeah youre gonna go up to her and say Heres your egg back Im returning your egg.
 Joey:Think itll work?
 Joey:Actually tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
 Joey:No no no dont you dare bail on me. The only reason shes goin out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
 Joey:Pathetic mess? I know but—come on man shes needy shes vulnerable. Im thinkin cha-ching! (Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.) Thanks. Look you have not been out with a woman since Janice. Youre doin this.
 Joey:(Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife) How do I look?
 Joey:No no no dont! Ive been waitin for like forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
 Joey:(at the urinal) Can you stop yellin? Youre makin me nervous and I cant go when Im nervous.
 Joey:Good for you. (jumps suddenly) Uh quarters or rolls of quarters?
 Joey:(to Lorraine) We cant do that.
 Joey:Uh can I talk to you for a second over there?
 Joey:Uh we might be leaving now.
 Joey:She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. Im not even sure what slathering is but I definitely want to be a part of it.
 Joey:Youre right Im sorry. Youre right.
 Joey:Im outta here. Heres my credit card. Dinners on me. Im sorry Chandler.
 Joey:(in disbelief) Whoa.
 Joey:I dont know. You dumped her on New Years.
 Joey:(to Chandler) If you dont do it I will.
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:So whatre you going to do?
 Joey:How about Tonys? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak its free.
 Joey:(aside to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking maybe... (gestures with hands back and forth) huh-huh?
 Joey:Im telling you that monkey is a chick magnet! Shes going to take one look at his furry cute little face and itll seal the deal.
 Joey:(tasting) Mmmm. Good.
 Joey:Its creamier.
 Joey:I dont know. Were talking about whipped fish Monica. Im just happy Im keeping it down yknow?
 Joey:Uh-oh.
 Joey:(in disbelief) Vulva?
 Joey:(sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
 Joey:Whats the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. Ill tell you what. Just try something on me.
 Joey:Why not? Come on! Just just close your eyes and tell me what youd like to be doing right now.
 Joey:....yeah... what else?
 Joey:(walks to catch up to him) Alright look Ill start OK?
 Joey:Come on. Come on. Alright ready look! (in a low voice) Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
 Joey:Alright now you say something.
 Joey:Come on! You like this woman right?
 Joey:You want to see her again right?
 Joey:Well if you cant talk dirty to me howre you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
 Joey:(turning around) Alright alright. Im around. Go ahead.
 Joey:There you go! Keep going. Keep going!
 Joey:Say it... say it!
 Joey:Youre not going to believe this!
 Joey:Hey Chandler while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
 Joey:And again and again and again... (phone rings he answers) Hello? (hands phone to Chandler) And again.
 Joey:What a tool!
 Joey:(to Ross) So er... how did it go with Celia?
 Joey:All right Ross!
 Joey:Whoa! And the... (gestures with hands) huh-huh?
 Joey:You cuddled.
 Joey:Yeah where the hell is he?
 Joey:There’s the waitress. Excuse me Miss. Hello Miss?
 Joey:No no... how come you are working here?
 Joey:I’m sayin’ I see a difference.
 Joey:I don’t care. Phoebe’s Phoebe. Ursula’s... hot!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs guess who we saw today.
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Not from where I was standin’.
 Joey:I went back to Riff’s. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.
 Joey:She is so hot!
 Joey:Pheebs?
 Joey:You think it would be okay if I asked out your sister?
 Joey:So that if we went out on a date she’d be there.
 Joey:Cool thanks.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Phoebe could you do me a favour? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.
 Joey:Oh no no no. It’s for Ursula. I just figured you know size-wise.
 Joey:Yep. Ice Capades.
 Joey:I don’t know. I like her you know. She’s different. There’s uh somethin’ about her.
 Joey:Hey Phoebe I asked you and you said it was okay.
 Joey:Okay... Well maybe now I’m not okay with it not being okay.
 Joey:Out.
 Joey:(Spreading his arms wide) Yes.
 Joey:Well not that it’s any of your business but no we haven’t okay?
 Joey:You meant sex right?
 Joey:Tampa Bays got a terrible team.
 Joey:He should take the sack?
 Joey:Yeah Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.
 Joey:Oh have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
 Joey:Im takin Ursula tonight. Its her birthday.
 Joey:Whens that?
 Joey:Oh man. Whatre the odds of that happening?
 Joey:What can I do? Look I dont want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.
 Joey:Well if shes my friend hopefully shell understand. I mean wouldnt you guys?
 Joey:(entering quietly) Hey.
 Joey:Your sister stood me up the other night.
 Joey:Ive been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant they said she was too busy to talk. I cant believe shes blowin me off.
 Joey:Urse...
 Joey:..ah whatre you doing here? Ive been trying to call you.
 Joey:No no no dont say listen. I know that listen. Ive said that listen.
 Joey:I dont get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
 Joey:You dont drink.
 Joey:Oh Urse... (He tries to take her in his arms but she fends him off.)
 Joey:Why? Is it because Im friends with Phoebe?
 Joey:(Thinking carefully) no. No I I couldnt do that.
 Joey:Then uh then Im sorry.
 Joey:I know...
 Joey:I dont know whether its just cause were breakin up or... what but you have never looked so beautiful.
 Joey:Pheebs?
 Joey:We just got the message.
 Joey:�Hola amigos! (Hey everybody!)
 Joey:Oh no Im sure the Xerox machine caught a few.
 Joey:Shut up!
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight alright?
 Joey:Yeah we just dont happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
 Joey:Whoa whoa whoa Monica whatre you doin? This is a poker game. You cant serve food with more than one syllable. Its gotta be like chips or dip or pretz...(look of realization)
 Joey:About what?
 Joey:Heh... I was bluffing.
 Joey:You know what you guys? Its their first time why dont we just forget about the money alright?
 Joey:(pause)...Yeah?
 Joey:No I dont think so see Ross because I think you love her.
 Joey:Alright now listen you guys we talked about it and if you dont want to play we completely understand.
 Joey:But hey thanks for teachin us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys we gotta play that at our regular game.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Alright well Im gonna order a pizza. (gets up)
 Joey:Thats fine. Ill just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
 Joey:Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?
 Joey:Me too. Alright whattaya got.
 Joey:Ahhh I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. (the girls look at him confused) Oh Im out.
 Joey:Look Rachel we dont have to do this.
 Joey:Check.
 Joey:Thats OK Ross you can ask me. What?
 Joey:Here I got five I got five. (Ross takes the money)
 Joey:(to Ross) Ahhh thats alright. Yknow thats a tough hand to beat.
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:(triumphantly) The Unbearable Likeness of Being!
 Joey:Suck-fest.
 Joey:Hey I dont need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as theres a little nudity.
 Joey:I meant female nudity. Alright? I dont need to see Lou Grant frolicking.
 Joey:I agree. Im like in disbelief.
 Joey:She really said that?
 Joey:Tonight tonight?
 Joey:How could you lose him?
 Joey:Alright alright. Youre a monkey. Youre loose in the city. Where do you go?
 Joey:Marcel?
 Joey:Marcel?
 Joey:A monkey.
 Joey:Um sure! Did you uh did you try turning the knob back the other way?
 Joey:Oh. Then no.
 Joey:Uh arent we kind of in the middle of something here?
 Joey:We cant alright? (To the women) Were sorry. You have no idea how sorry but... We promised wed find this monkey. If you see him hes about yea high and answers to the name Marcel so if we could get some pictures of you youd really be helping us out.
 Joey:Marcel?
 Joey:I dunno I loved high school. Yknow? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
 Joey:No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor all right hes got to be like thetoughest snack there is.
 Joey:Her answer machine?
 Joey:Duh whereve you been?
 Joey:Man we gotta do something about that guy. This morning I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I cant do stuff!
 Joey:Will you grow up? Im not talking about sexy stuff but like when Im cooking naked.
 Joey:Yeah toast oatmeal... nothing that spatters.
 Joey:Maybe she never got your message.
 Joey:(entering) Hes back! The peepers back!
 Joey:(ducking) Get down!
 Joey:(intrigued) Yeah?
 Joey:..Naughty!
 Joey:Oh hold up Ill walk out with you. Now Rach when she taught you to kiss you were at camp and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform or- (Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.) Thats fine yeah...
 Joey:(watches them for a while) Oh my.
 Joey:(entering) Hey you know our phones not working?
 Joey:I tried to call you from the coffee shop and there was no answer.
 Joey:Hey so listen I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peepers name! Can I use the phone?
 Joey:(to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah the number for a Sidney Marks please.
 Joey:(on phone) Yeah is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh this is? (To the gang) Sidneys a woman.
 Joey:Yeah. Yeah so what? (On phone) Look I live across the street (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope and I dont appreciate it okay? (Listens) Yeah I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear I shouldnt have to feel like—(Listens)—Thank you but... thats not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights but occasionally..
 Joey:(on phone) Yeah my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
 Joey:Yeah she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
 Joey:Big day.
 Joey:All right Ill give you this Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean hes got the monocle hes got the top hat...
 Joey:How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
 Joey:No still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name thats more neutral.
 Joey:Plus yknow I think it should be Joe. Yknow Joey makes me sound like Im I dunno this big. (Waitress looks at him funny) Which Im not.
 Joey:Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.
 Joey:(Writes it down) Joe Stalin. Yknow thats pretty good.
 Joey:Joseph Stalin. I think youd remember that!
 Joey:Whereve you been?
 Joey:(To Chandler) Hey! He beat ya.
 Joey:I cant believe it Ross. This sucks!
 Joey:Isnt there any way you can keep him?
 Joey:How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
 Joey:Did you call the cops?
 Joey:(entering) You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?
 Joey:Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. Youd think you wouldve known that!
 Joey:Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?
 Joey:We we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
 Joey:I dunno what to say Ross. Uh its a monkey.
 Joey:Marcel Im hungry.
 Joey:Hi uh Ill be reading for the role of Mercutio.
 Joey:Holden McGroin.
 Joey:Exellent dream score.
 Joey:I dont know. What are you wearing?
 Joey:Hey hey Chan. She could work for you.
 Joey:What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
 Joey:How young is young Ethan? Young?
 Joey:Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesnt mean...
 Joey:All right relax relax. Just relax just relax. Be cool be cool.
 Joey:Services? (Ross looks at him) Oh services.
 Joey:Hey hey. How was the first day?
 Joey:Oh... Yeah you do.
 Joey:(reaches for hi scones) My scones.
 Joey:All right. (Moves closer.)
 Joey:So tell me. Was it like you and Chandler and then you and me or you and me and Chandler?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Listen the next time you talk to him can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
 Joey:Stegosaurus!
 Joey:What about Andr�?
 Joey:Theyre here already?
 Joey:Uh moist yeah.
 Joey:All right all right. (he comes out from their apartment with a huge sandwich in his hand)
 Joey:For the ride.
 Joey:All right Im going. Im going.
 Joey:Do we have to know about that?
 Joey:Im gonna be in the waitin room handing out cigars.
 Joey:(to the screen) Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot or just fall down. Thats good too.
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:Hey listen lady....(sees that shes pregnant)...whoa.
 Joey:Oh yeah? And who do you like?
 Joey:The Celtics? Ha. They couldnt hit a boat if...wait. They suck alright?
 Joey:Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey we need a father over here! We need a father!
 Joey:Oh oh oh sorry.
 Joey:Oh uh ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin in here.
 Joey:Tribbiani.
 Joey:(takes phone) Hi yeah its me. (Listens) Oh no no no were just friends. (Listens) Yeah Im single. (Listens) 25. (Listens) An actor. (Listens) Hello?
 Joey:Yeah so uh so uh whats the deal with this father guy I mean if someone was havin my baby somewhere Id wanna know about it you know?
 Joey:Ok look maybe I should just go.
 Joey:Good luck and uh take care huh?
 Joey:You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
 Joey:Oh it is.
 Joey:It is.
 Joey:Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
 Joey:(panicked) Water breaking what do you mean? Whats that water breaking?
 Joey:Come on Lydia you can do it. Push! Push em out push em out harder harder. Push em out push em out way out! Lets get that ball and really move hey hey ho ho. Lets— (notices the nurse looking at him strangely) I was just—yeah right. Push! Push!
 Joey:Oh just had a baby.
 Joey:Relax. Youre only at nine centimeters. And the babys at zero station.
 Joey:Ben Ben hey Ben. Nothing. I dont think thats his name.
 Joey:He doesnt do much does he?
 Joey:Hey Chan can you help me out here? I promise Ill pay you back.
 Joey:I will really. Ill pay you back this time.
 Joey:Well... Im helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
 Joey:Oh just yknow.... science.
 Joey:(sigh)... Its a fertility study.
 Joey:Alright come on you guys its not that big a deal. Really... I mean I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey hey but at the end of two weeks I get seven hundred dollars.
 Joey:We make fire. Cook meat.
 Joey:Oh OK.
 Joey:I dont know shes uh.... shes pretty great.
 Joey:What you think Im gonna tell a girl I like that Im also seeing a cup?
 Joey:Well the tough thing is she really wants to have sex with me.
 Joey:Yeah well I still got a week left to go in the program and according to the rules if I want to get the money Im not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments if you know what I mean.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:The country?
 Joey:Oh no! How can she do that when shes never shown any interest in you?!?
 Joey:Hes right man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
 Joey:Listen buddy were just looking out for you.
 Joey:We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me but... I love you man. (Joey gives Ross a hug)
 Joey:Like the three musketeers only with fruit.
 Joey:Well not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night were gonna... complete the transaction if you know what I...
 Joey:Then you do. Heh heh.
 Joey:What do you mean?
 Joey:Not following you.
 Joey:(to Rachel) That book got me through some tough times.
 Joey:(pats Chandler on the leg) Thats good just keep rubbing your head. Thatll turn back time.
 Joey:Well given that hes desperately in love with you he probably wouldnt mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
 Joey:The country.
 Joey:Hes right cause if youre just gonna like break his heart thats the kind of thing that can wait.
 Joey:Heh heh. It was nothin.
 Joey:(panicked) Uhhh.. yknow what? Forget about me. Lets uh... lets give you another turn.
 Joey:Sure! Why not?
 Joey:How do you mean?
 Joey:Shhhh!
 Joey:Shes still asleep.
 Joey:Oh it was amazing. You know how you always think youre great in bed?
 Joey:Well its like last night I couldnt do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man oh man it was like a ticker tape parade!
 Joey:It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me too. Its like all of a sudden Im blind. But all my other senses are heightened yknow? Its like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
 Joey:I know! Neither did I!
 Joey:Seven hundred bucks!
 Joey:Man hell of a two weeks huh? Yknow what though? I really feel like I learned something.
 Joey:What are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back does he walk around like this? (Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.)
 Joey:Um this?
 Joey:What up?!
 Joey:(answering the phone) Hello? Oh hi. Yeah hold on a second. Ross its Julie for you. (Throws him the phone.)
 Joey:Needs some clothes altered?
 Joey:Why dont you go see Frankie? My familys been goin to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait 16. No scuse me 15. (still confused) All right when was 1990?
 Joey:(to Chandler) You know I think I was sixteen.
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no (grabs his pants) Im not fallin for that again.
 Joey:Whoa whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?
 Joey:Hey Chandler when you see Frankie tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. Hell know what it means.
 Joey:Can we see her?
 Joey:Howre you doing?
 Joey:Ooh that bad huh?
 Joey:Look I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. Its one of my gifts.
 Joey:You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
 Joey:What about her? Theyve only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
 Joey:Look Rach Rach! Ive been with my share of women. In fact Ive been with like a lot of peoples share of women. The point is Ive never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
 Joey:Frankie? Whatre you talking about?
 Joey:No way. Ive been going to the guy for 12 years.
 Joey:Thats how they do pants! First they go up one side they move it over then they go up the other side they move it back and then they do the rear. (Chandler and Ross stare at him) What? Ross Ross would you tell him? Isnt that how they measure pants?
 Joey:What? Thats not? (Realizes) Oh my God.
 Joey:Hey when the doctor does that hernia test...
 Joey:I swear to god Dad. Thats not how they measure pants.
 Joey:(joins him) I gotta get one too.
 Joey:Yeah we know but theres a baby suckin on it.
 Joey:Uh does it hurt?
 Joey:Chandler?
 Joey:Ok I got one I got one. Uh if he blows into one does the other one get bigger?
 Joey:Monica whatre you doin? You cant go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
 Joey:(A guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (An attractive woman walks by.) Hey Annabelle.
 Joey:Who?
 Joey:Whats he doin in my section?
 Joey:Well hes gonna. Ill see you a little later ok? (To the Hombre Man) Hey how ya doin?
 Joey:Listen I know youre new but its kinda understood that everything from Young Mens to the escalator is my territory.
 Joey:Yeah. Bijan for men?
 Joey:(to a guy) Bijan for men? (to a guy) Bijan for men? (To a woman) Bijan for... (Sees its a woman and stops.) (To Annabelle who walks up.) Hey Annabelle Uh listen I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
 Joey:(To a co-worker) Hey its not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. (A customer walks by.) Bijan for men? (The customer ignores him and Joey starts to chase him) Bijan for men?!
 Joey:What is the big deal? (Tastes the breast milk.)
 Joey:Yeah its kinda sweet sorta like uh...
 Joey:Exactly.
 Joey:(sitting on the otherside of the counter from Chandler) Gimme a box a juice. Well they switched me over to Hombre.
 Joey:Or maybe its because this guys doing so good they wanna put more people on it. (Chandler pours some juice in a glass.) You should see this guy Chandler he goes through two bottles a day.
 Joey:I know but I was the best you know? I liked being the best. (He downs the glass of juice in one swig.) I dont know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
 Joey:Yeah I guess youre right.
 Joey:Im gonna do it. (He downs the juice in one swig again.)
 Joey:Mornin. (The Hombre man ignores him) I said mornin.
 Joey:Yeah Im ready.
 Joey:These new kids they never last. Sooner or later they all...stop lastin. Listen uh what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
 Joey:Im tellin ya that girl totally winked at me.
 Joey:Morning hey you made pancakes?
 Joey:(sarcastically) Good morning.
 Joey:(under his breath) Kiss her! Kiss her!
 Joey:B-bye Janice. So when ya dumpin her.
 Joey:Come on quite yankin me.
 Joey:This is Janice.
 Joey:Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me without blinking that youre not breaking up with her. No blinking.
 Joey:(entering) Their not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. Their not breaking up. He didnt blink or anything.
 Joey:Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?
 Joey:There you go! Thats the spirit Im looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right whos first? Huh? Ross?
 Joey:Yeah well call that Plan B. All right?
 Joey:Wheel!
 Joey:Fortune! This guy is so stupid. (yelling) Its Count Rushmore!!
 Joey:I say I am there! Cool! Aw is Ross going to?
 Joey:Jan-ice. Cause I just I feel bad for Ross you know we-we always go together were like the three hocke-teers.
 Joey:No Yeeees. God how do I say this. (walks into the kitchen Chandler follows closely he turns around and gets startled). Oh hi you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair (holds his hands up to signify she has big hair)?
 Joey:Look I dont hate Janice shes-shes just a lot to take you know.
 Joey:Oh hey. Come on man dont look at me like that she used to drive you nuts before too remember?
 Joey:Look what do you want me to say?
 Joey:I cant. Its like this chemical thing you know. Every time she starts laughing I just wanna (grimaces and tenses up) pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
 Joey:Yeah then-then whos the guy that painted the faces on the mountain? (Chandler gives him a look like You stupid idiot!)
 Joey:I ah I never said hate I was very careful about that.
 Joey:And you got a hate from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
 Joey:But what does that gonna do...
 Joey:Okay. Im in.
 Joey:Does it have to be a whole day?
 Joey:Yeah I know I sleep in the next room.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah yeah. We went to a Mets game we got Chinese food and you know I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
 Joey:Im sorry man I tired I really did.
 Joey:But hey look you know the good thing is is that we spent the whole day together and I survived and whats even more amazing so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
 Joey:No man thats huge! Now I know I can stand to be around her which means I get to hang out with you which is kinda the whole point anyway.
 Joey:Oh hey Chandler we ah we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
 Joey:Hey if it makes you feel any better I do it too.
 Joey:Oh yeah I always picture your Mom when Im having sex.
 Joey:All right they got water orange juice and what looks like cider. (takes a glass from the fridge.)
 Joey:(drinks from the glass and puts it back in the fridge) Yep its fat. I drank fat!
 Joey:We have a half hour.
 Joey:Relax Ross well be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
 Joey:Hey Ross want some cider?
 Joey:Glass of fat?
 Joey:Whats a matter Ross? What youre nervous about your speech?
 Joey:Am I in it?
 Joey:Whoa!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:How is this your seat?
 Joey:But then you left.
 Joey:Whats the big deal sit somewhere else.
 Joey:Well actually the last place you were sitting was in there (points to the bathroom). Soo...
 Joey:All right! You can have the chair.
 Joey:Oh my would you look at that! (holds up crossed fingers)
 Joey:Im so sorry.
 Joey:Me too. In fact I think I might be a little too comfortable.
 Joey:Monica how are you gonna do that?
 Joey:Wow what a cool job. (in a machine voice) You have two new messages. Please pass the pie.
 Joey:Hey you cant say youre breezy that that totally negates the breezy.
 Joey:Now she sounded breezy.
 Joey:Okay. (he gets up and takes the cushions with him as he starts to leave)
 Joey:You said I had to give you the chair you didnt say anything about the cushions.
 Joey:Thats right! Im taking the essence.
 Joey:(entering) Wheres my underwear?!
 Joey:Because Im not wearing any underwear now.
 Joey:Its a rented tux. Okay. Im not gonna go commando in another mans fatigues.
 Joey:Okay you hide my clothes. Im gonna do the exact opposite to you.
 Joey:Hey opposite is opposite! (leaves)
 Joey:Okay buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes Im wearing everything you own.
 Joey:Look at me! Im Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasnt going commando...
 Joey:Yeah. Whew its hot with all of this stuff on. I ah I better not do any I dont know lunges. (starts doing lunges)
 Joey:Yeah Ross way to ruin it. I was just going to get dressed.
 Joey:You could drink the fat.
 Joey:Yaaaay!
 Joey:Lets see what else hell do!
 Joey:(from bedroom) WHOAA!!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:No I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks. (points to the sling he is wearing)
 Joey:Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
 Joey:What is this? Fruit?
 Joey:Whoa jam! I love jam! (to Chandler) Hey how come we never have jam at our place?
 Joey:This will just be my batch.
 Joey:Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
 Joey:(with food in his mouth) You talked to him. Are you crazy?
 Joey:(with his mouthful) Hey I didnt stalk her. I mean (he sprays Phoebe with crumbs)
 Joey:Aww. (tastes it) Ohh!
 Joey:Put your hands together.
 Joey:No more jam?!
 Joey:Check it out!! Jam crackers!
 Joey:Yeah the Knicks rule!
 Joey:Let me see. (goes over and looks at the form) Oh right.
 Joey:Well right after I did that sex study down at NYU. (to Chandler) Hey Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
 Joey:Noooo thats what I was wearing when I donated. Im kinda surprised theres any of my boys left.
 Joey:Maybe I should call this place and get them to put my Days of Our Lives on here. You know juice this puppy up a little.
 Joey:Orrr you could follow him and see where he goes.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Where you going?
 Joey:Sperm or regular?
 Joey:So youre really doing this huh?
 Joey:Sounds nice.
 Joey:No kiddin hmm.
 Joey:No I-I figured you wouldve picked a blond guy.
 Joey:I dont know I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall smart blond guys name like.... Hoyt.
 Joey:Its a name yeah. I saw you you know in this great house with a big pool.
 Joey:Hes got the body for it.
 Joey:You guys have one of those signs that says We dont swim in your toilet so dont pee in our pool. you know.
 Joey:Sure you do it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Sure! (Monica gets very depressed) But hey you know this way sounds good too.
 Joey:Oh Monica. (goes over and hugs her then looks at the form and stops hugging her.) Wow this guys an astronaut. That wouldve been cool (sees Monica) for like a day. (hugs her again).
 Joey:I called the sperm bank today they havent sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean I-I-I dont get it (tries to drink the rest of the jam out of the jar and gets it all over his face on his chin nose etc.) Maybe if they met me in person.
 Joey:(wipes a little jam from the corner of his mouth) Did I get it?
 Joey:You guys can we please not watch this all right.
 Joey:(on tv) Oh you said it Mike. (rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! Theres got to be a better way!
 Joey:Can we please turn this off?
 Joey:(on TV finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow it is easy. (starts to poor the milk) Now I can have milk everyday.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didnt show up at the audition I didnt know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
 Joey:How is it you?
 Joey:Yep thats my audition.
 Joey:Well Estelle tried you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
 Joey:Pheebs you cant do that. The casting director doesnt talk to friends she only talks to agents.
 Joey:What what are you doing? What are you doing?
 Joey:Hang up hang up. (reaches with his good arm but Phoebe grabs it and he tries to reach the phone with his other arm but cant because of the sling.)
 Joey:I love that movie. (Joey is using it as a pillow)
 Joey:Im sorry it just felt nice.
 Joey:Hey I only got one good arm you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
 Joey:Hey you know about that?!
 Joey:Well Ive never been through the tunnel myself cause as I understand it youre not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car right. But it seems to me its pretty much like anything else you know face your fear. It have a fear of heights you go to the top of the building! If youre afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case you have a fear of commitment so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
 Joey:Oh yeah. Go for it man jump off the high dive stare down the barrel of the gun pee into the wind!
 Joey:Come on baby come on!
 Joey:Thank you so much.
 Joey:You were amazing could you just do me this huge favor you see theres this one other audition that I really really want and Estelle couldnt get me in.
 Joey:Come on please itll be just this one more well actually its two.
 Joey:Yeah! Well well really its three. Please. Youre so good at it. I love you.
 Joey:Nooo four.
 Joey:(entering) G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?
 Joey:Pheebs! There you are!
 Joey:But Phoebe wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! (catches her in the hallway)
 Joey:Look listen that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
 Joey:Its okay these things happen.
 Joey:Im Im okay. See. (tries to smile but fails horribly)
 Joey:No! No no you cant quit! Youre the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs rejection is part being an actor you cant take it personally.
 Joey:They actually said that?
 Joey:No no no see thats why you have to do this job agents always lie. You know Estelle just says stuff like They went another way but this I can use this. (in a very bad Italian accent) I canna work on a new accent.
 Joey:Okay shoot.
 Joey:I didnt get it?
 Joey:Okay what else?
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Look its okay no no no really look um I really appreciate this Pheebs but I think Im gonna have to go back to Estelle.
 Joey:Yeah well dont get me wrong youre a better agent than she is but at least with her I dont want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
 Joey:You do thanks.
 Joey:Wait a minute.
 Joey:Wait a minute did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
 Joey:(in a really really bad Italian accent) Thats-ah what I suspected-ah.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No. Yknow how we’re always saying we need a place for the mail.
 Joey:Well I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.
 Joey:No an entertainment unit with a mail cubby built right in. It’s a one day job max.
 Joey:Oh yeah. These are my old work pants Sergio Valente’s.
 Joey:Power saw kinda got away from me there.
 Joey:Her what?
 Joey:Hey Monica who would yours be?
 Joey:It’s just a game Mon. (makes a ‘Can-you-believe-her’ face to the rest of the gang.) Rach how about you?
 Joey:Hey-hey!
 Joey:I know.
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry. Did I get ‘ya?
 Joey:Calm down do you want this unit or not?
 Joey:Well you should’ve told me that before I’m not a mind reader. Hey we’re out of beer. I’m going to Monica’s.
 Joey:Oh Monica listen I ah I saw down at the hardware store they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
 Joey:Nothing. It’s just old and dingy that’s all.
 Joey:Oh yeah. If you ah move your hamper you see what color the tile used to be. (Monica gasps) Yeah.
 Joey:Relax. Here hold this (hands her his beer). This old stuff just comes right off. (he bends down to try and lift some tile right in the middle of the floor in his tight pants.)
 Joey:(manages to pry off only a small piece) Aw! Look at that every inch of this stuff is glued down. It’d take forever to pry this up. You should ah you should just leave it. (starts to walk away but Monica grabs him)
 Joey:Eh! There you go.
 Joey:(yelling from bathroom) Hey does somebody wanna hand me one of those tiles.
 Joey:Ooh very official.
 Joey:Why don’t we just go on two.
 Joey:Because it’s faster.
 Joey:All right but in the future...
 Joey:So we are going on two?
 Joey:Wow it’s big!
 Joey:Maybe my ruler’s wrong.
 Joey:Look it’s not that bad. So what it blocks a little of your door a little of my door.
 Joey:Yeah listen before I forget that side is still wet.
 Joey:Yknow what?
 Joey:I bet ‘ya ya I could fit in there. (points to a hole in the center)
 Joey:Get out your checkbook mister.
 Joey:You are dogged man! I totally fit!
 Joey:Thank you. Cha-ching! (Chandler starts to leave) Oh well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. (Chandler leaves and closes the door) And the drinks are on me!
 Joey:Well that’s really a different question.
 Joey:Well there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
 Joey:Okay but let’s say there was. How might that go?
 Joey:Hey there’s a dog out there!
 Joey:Don’t you ah don’t you wanna ask me any questions?
 Joey:Well ah I’m an actor. I’m fairly neat. I ah I got my own TV. Oh and don’t worry I’m totally okay with the gay thing.
 Joey:Ah yknow just in general people being gay thing. I’m totally cool with that.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hey! (goes into the apartment)
 Joey:Oh no thanks I got it. (picks it up) No I don’t!
 Joey:Whew! Stood up to fast got a little head rush.
 Joey:That’s a uh that’s a tough combination.
 Joey:Like you wouldn’t believe. (they go into the apartment) Wow! This is a great place.
 Joey:Gotcha.
 Joey:Oh you bet I am!
 Joey:You said you wanna come in for some lemonade?
 Joey:Whoa ah!! We’re you just gonna give me some lemonade?
 Joey:Oh right right.
 Joey:Well usually...yeah! Well not just lemonade iced tea sometimes juice. Well sorry I just I thought you liked me. I’m such a jerk.
 Joey:Baywatch.
 Joey:Lifeguards.
 Joey:Nicole Eggert. Youll like her.
 Joey:They do that a lot. Hey you want a beer?
 Joey:No no no don’t get up I got a cooler right here.
 Joey:Cool!!
 Joey:Question. Was ah ‘Egg the Gellers!’ the war cry of your neighbourhood?
 Joey:Booo!!
 Joey:(entering) Hey you guys!
 Joey:Guess what?
 Joey:I got a gig!
 Joey:Well it’s not a part no. I’m teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
 Joey:Yeah yeah. It’s like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
 Joey:(glares at him) I know!
 Joey:Good evening. I’m Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um on my first day as (proudly) Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives (looks for a reaction from his students and gets none.) I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting this does not mean acting again it means you don’t have a line but someone else just did. And it goes like this. (looks all intense for a moment and then gasps the students cheer him) Thanks thanks a lot. Oh by the way before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right moving right along.
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Oh it was great. Yeah you get to say stuff like ’Hey the bell doesn’t dismiss you I dismiss you.’
 Joey:Oh and guess what I got an audition for All My Children.
 Joey:Yeah it’s this great part this boxer named Nick. And I’m so so right for it yknow he’s just like me. Except he’s a boxer and has an evil twin.
 Joey:Hey Monica bought a bed from the Mattress King?
 Joey:You want me to lie to Chandler?
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Hey you’re ah pretty good at this.
 Joey:Ahh!
 Joey:Hey now!
 Joey:Hey!!! Oww!! And I’m bleeding.
 Joey:Okay great.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:All right. I can’t see.
 Joey:Okay some tricks of the trade. Now I’ve never been able to cry as an actor so if I’m in a scene where I have to cry I cut a hole in my pocket take a pair of tweezers and just start pulling. Or ah or let’s say I wanna convey that I’ve just done something evil. That would be the basic ‘I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it’ (Does it by raising one eyebrow and showing off the pretend fishhook.) Okay let’s say I’ve just gotten bad news well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. (looks all confused) And that’s how it’s done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody class dismissed.
 Joey:Hey-hey.
 Joey:Awww one of my students got an audition. I’m so proud.
 Joey:You bet! What’s the part?
 Joey:Wow! That was good. That was...(points to his pocket) Tweezers?
 Joey:Whoa. That was really good.
 Joey:Well I-I might’ve said supergay.
 Joey:Because Monica the guy’s so good and I really really want this part.
 Joey:(sadly) There will come a time in each of your careers when you’ll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent present. And I’m ashamed to say that I took it I advised a fellow actor to play a role homosexually. Yeah we both auditioned for the part and uh as it turned out they ah they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now he’s got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi the first lady of daytime television and me me I’m stuck here teaching a bunch of people most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry. (he gets a huge round of applause from his students.) Thank you.
 Joey:All right Jester man look we wanna see the king.
 Joey:Oh-ho-kay I’m talking to the king. (starts to go to a back room)
 Joey:(entering with Monica) Hey is is is Chandler here?
 Joey:Well I was thinking about that and I I think the best way would be to not.
 Joey:It’ll kill him. I mean it’ll it’ll just kill him.
 Joey:(looking out the window) Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
 Joey:What did they do?
 Joey:Hey-hey Ross?
 Joey:I’ve got a science question.
 Joey:If the Homo Sapiens were in fact ‘Homo-sapien’ is that why there extinct?
 Joey:Hey-hey I’m not judging.
 Joey:I’d really prefer a mountain bike.
 Joey:Whoa whoa whoa wait whoa. Do you ah want to get her something speacial get her flowers get her candy get her gum girls love gum.
 Joey:Oh you want something serious. Yknow what you should do you should get her one of those um barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
 Joey:(stopping him) No no you can’t you can’t okay you can’t you can’t buy her pearls you just can’t you can’t you can’t.
 Joey:Oh God. Uh okay here’s the thing this is the thing okay the thing is...
 Joey:Okay. I went down to the ‘Mattress King’ showroom and and I saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.
 Joey:They were in his office.
 Joey:I’m telling you man I saw it.
 Joey:I’m not wrong! I wish I was. I’m sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn’t sound so bad now huh?
 Joey:You said number two.
 Joey:I know. (giggles harder)
 Joey:Uh.
 Joey:Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still. (Phoebe runs to the window and gasps.)
 Joey:I’m tellin’ ya he hasn’t moved since this morning.
 Joey:Well there is one way. His window’s open I say we poke him.
 Joey:Hey! Yknow how we ah save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
 Joey:Well now we got a reason.
 Joey:Well we’re fashioning a very long poking device.
 Joey:Hey uh what’s a matter?
 Joey:Oh my God is she going back to him?
 Joey:What are you ah what are you gonna do?
 Joey:Well it doesn’t matter what I would do.
 Joey:All right you’re probably not gonna want to hear this but ah if it was me and this is just me (Chandler gets ready to throw another dart) I would ah I would bow out.
 Joey:They have a kid together yknow. They’re like they’re like a family and if I don’t know there’s chance they could make that work I know I wouldn’t want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah come poke a nude guy?
 Joey:All right now remember something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
 Joey:All right ladies and gentlemen let’s poke. (they start to advance the giant poking device) Steady. Steady. Okay a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay okay we’re approaching the window (as he says this the camera cuts to their view of Ugly Naked Guy so that we actually see him!) Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
 Joey:Okay retract the device retract the device.
 Joey:Hey that’s never gonna make it all the way over here buddy!
 Joey:Hey who wants to ah throw the ball around a little maybe get a little three on three going?
 Joey:Great you can cover Chandler.
 Joey:Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
 Joey:Chandler you have to start getting over her. All right if you play you get some fresh air maybe it’ll take your mind off Janice and if you don’t play everyone will be mad at you ‘cause the teams won’t be even. Come on.
 Joey:Says who? Your mom?
 Joey:All right we have to pick captains.
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:(to his team) All right huddle up right over here.
 Joey:I got it. (catches the ball)
 Joey:Set....hike!
 Joey:Haaaaa! Hey-hey thanks for stopping our ball.
 Joey:Yeah! Wow your like from a whole other country.
 Joey:Hi-hi I’m Joey.
 Joey:I’m sorry Dutch I didn’t get that last little bit.
 Joey:Her name is Dutch and also Marklan.
 Joey:Mar-klan.
 Joey:I think so.
 Joey:Thanks man but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself yknow.
 Joey:Oh yeah that. All right means that much to ya I’ll let you have her.
 Joey:Well I don’t like to say it out loud but yeah! Don’t feel bad man we all have our strengths. You’re better with numbers and stuff.
 Joey:Fumble!
 Joey:What the hell’s the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
 Joey:All right that’s it. Yknow I was still gonna let you have her. But now forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
 Joey:Pheebs run!
 Joey:After!!
 Joey:It’s hard yknow his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
 Joey:What are you gonna do?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Here you go!
 Joey:Yeah Chandler finds me so intimdating that it’s better if we’re on the same team.
 Joey:Ah well the ah Pennsylvania Dutch come from Pennsylvania.
 Joey:Nice try. (to Margha) See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
 Joey:Whoa whoa no no I-I’m not playing with this guy now.
 Joey:Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn’t understand the question.
 Joey:Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
 Joey:This sucks I was just up by that much!
 Joey:(looking at the timer) Thirty seconds left on the timer!
 Joey:When they’re hungry enough they’ll come in.
 Joey:And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.
 Joey:What? Me having a job?
 Joey:Well I’m pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey Phoebe listen you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees their fulfilling their life purpose by by making people happy.
 Joey:Hey. What what are you doing here?
 Joey:Look now Phoebe remember hey their just fulfilling their Christmas....
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Oh that’s that’s ah one of the old ones he’s just taking it to the back.
 Joey:Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.
 Joey:Well they go into the chipper.
 Joey:(to the guy operating the chipper) Hey! Hey!! (makes the ‘cut it’ motion with his hands)
 Joey:All right I’ll take a box of the cream filled Jesus’s.
 Joey:Look Rach wasn’t this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
 Joey:If you ask me as long as you got this job you’ve got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
 Joey:(entering interrupting Rachel) Hey! I got great news!
 Joey:What? Rachel listen have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
 Joey:Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
 Joey:Not a problem.
 Joey:And now for the great news.
 Joey:Only if you think it’s better than this... (holds up an aerosol can) snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon you want me to decorate the window give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
 Joey:Okay and ah this one here is a Douglas Fir now it’s a little more money but you get a nicer smell.
 Joey:Yeah the ah trees that don’t fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
 Joey:Pheebs you gotta stop this I working on commission here.
 Joey:(simulating an echo) Ten ten.. nine nine nine.... eight eight eight... (Chandler hits him in the back of the head) Okay Blast off!
 Joey:Okay pick a card any card. (Monica picks one) All right now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
 Joey:All right give it back to me. (takes the card back but he looks at the card before he puts it back in the deck he holds the deck to his forehead and thinks a little while) 5 of hearts.
 Joey:I can’t tell you that no.
 Joey:All right all right all right all right all right you really wanna know how I did it I’ll show ya. When you handed me back the card what you didn’t see was I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. (picks up a card and quickly looks at it) I just did it. (does it again) I just did it again. Here I’ll slow it down so that you guys can see it. (looks and the card in slow motion)
 Joey:Man I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna just laughing and talking. God it killed me.
 Joey:Sorry I just any excuse to tell that story yknow....
 Joey:I don’t know Chandler is supposed to be passin’ ‘em around...
 Joey:Chandler!
 Joey:Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
 Joey:No only for sex.
 Joey:Hey!! Hey-hey-hey!
 Joey:(angrily entering to Chandler) Can I talk to you for a second?!
 Joey:Come on!! (motions for Chandler to come with him)
 Joey:I just got off the phone with my sister.
 Joey:Mary-Angela.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Why don’t you ask Chandler ‘cause he’s the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin’ over Janice by groping my sister.
 Joey:Really? That’s great! You and my sister sittin’ in a tree.
 Joey:Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
 Joey:You are so the man! (motions him to come in and he does) Now look listen listen you got to be cool ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know about you two yet and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolinis hanging body. Yeah.
 Joey:She’s right in there. (motions to the living room)
 Joey:What’s goin’ on?
 Joey:What?! How could you do that how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
 Joey:Well that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you’d be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
 Joey:No! No! No! No I’m not going to punch Chandler.
 Joey:No you won’t. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him he’s sorry. But (to Chandler) you’ve got one more apology to make all right you’ve got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Cookie now you can punch him!
 Joey:All right that’s it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. (gets up) This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! (stops and turns around and asks Rachel) But is he a big guy?
 Joey:(hanging up the phone) Yes! Guess whos in an audition for a Broadway musical?
 Joey:It is me! Its a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think Im gonna sing New York New York and ah oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Who?
 Joey:The what?
 Joey:Oh okay. (to Ross) The what?
 Joey:(singing) Youve got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss (picks a handkerchief from the pianists pocket) youve got to pick a pocket or two..........
 Joey:Really? Thanks.
 Joey:Excellent Ill be there.
 Joey:Ahhh! My ah my agent said it wasnt a dancing part.
 Joey:Hey everybody lies on their resume okay. I wasnt one of the Zoom Kids either.
 Joey:Yeah I can dance yknow. (starts to dance really really really badly)
 Joey:Sure it looks stupid now theres no music playing.
 Joey:Get out! I couldnt stop if a meteor hit me.
 Joey:Well sure you name a kid that what do you expect them to grow up to be?
 Joey:(reading) The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...
 Joey:Whoa Im not done.
 Joey:Done.
 Joey:Marks a genius!
 Joey:And before you know it shes with him. And youll be all Ohh man! And hell be all Yes! And us well be like Wh-whoa dude. And pretty soon youll be like (sadly) Hhiii and and and I cant go Rachel and Mark might be there. And well be like Man get over it its been four years!!
 Joey:So does that mean the audition is off?
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Its ah step-ity step and jazz hands.
 Joey:Bye. (does the jazz hands)
 Joey:I know it was the best I could get out of them.
 Joey:People people people.
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
 Joey:Cool.
 Joey:Well you might wanna make a little extra yknow you’ll probably be hungry after the sex.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Check the freezer. If there’s none in there then we’re probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It’s late.
 Joey:I discovered I’m able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
 Joey:Oh I was reading it last night and I got scared so.
 Joey:Well safer. Yknow I mean I never start reading The Shining without making sure we’ve got plenty of room in the freezer yknow.
 Joey:Haven’t you ever read the same book over and over again?
 Joey:The question should be Rach what is not so great about The Shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it’s way better than that classic of yours.
 Joey:All right you got it.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Ah now Rach these ah these little women.
 Joey:How little are they? I mean are they like scary little?
 Joey:These little women. Wow!
 Joey:Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo’s manuscript. I don’t see how he could ever forgive her.
 Joey:But Jo’s got a crush on Laurie. (Ross nods his head) Oh. You mean it’s like a girl-girl thing? ‘Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
 Joey:No wonder Rachel had to read this so many times.
 Joey:(noticing Chandler) What are you doing? (he pushes Chandler back to his side of the couch) Get back over on your side of the... (sees Robert in all his glory) Hello!! (to Robert) Hi I’m Joey we haven’t met.
 Joey:Hey Robert could you ah ha pass me those cookies?
 Joey:Hey! (starts to laugh.) How’s it going?
 Joey:Hey Rach how you doing with The Shining?
 Joey:Oooh the next part’s the best when that dead lady in the bathtub...
 Joey:All right I’ll talk in code. (to Ross and Chandler) Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
 Joey:Oh all blank and no blank make’s blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no no the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank but then at last second they get away. Aww!
 Joey:Hey! Mine was by accident! All right the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel and kills the dad.
 Joey:Beth Beth dies?
 Joey:Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
 Joey:Then why would you say that?!
 Joey:Beth is really really sick.
 Joey:Jo’s there but I don’t think there’s anything she could do.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(nodding his head) Okay.
 Joey:Wow! This girl is good.
 Joey:(to Leslie) So ah Phoebe tells us you write jingles.
 Joey:(to Leslie) Ah anything we might of heard of?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Wow that was kinda brutal.
 Joey:Ah he can’t make it he said he had to his... (sees Ginger) Whoa-oh! (hides behind the coat rack.)
 Joey:Phew close one.
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Is ah is Chandler around?
 Joey:Oooh.
 Joey:Nooo. No no ah are you sure it wasn’t something that sounded like Ginger like ah Gingeer?
 Joey:Aww man. That’s the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he’s my roommate she’s gonna tell him what I did.
 Joey:What oh oh oh no no I can’t I can’t tell you that it’s like the most awful horrible thing I’ve ever done my whole life.
 Joey:All right!! Okay it was like four years ago. Okay Ginger and I had gone out a few times and then this one weekend we went up to her Dad’s cabin. Just me her and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night I cooked this really romantic dinner....
 Joey:I wish. No. After dinner me her and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So I picked up a log and threw it on. Or at least what I thought was a log.
 Joey:I wish. See I guess another thing I probably should’ve told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah artificial leg.
 Joey:I ran!!
 Joey:(entering from his bedroom) Morning.
 Joey:(to Chandler) Heard about the leg burnin’ huh?
 Joey:Listen I ah I know it’s a longshot. But by any chance did she find that funny?
 Joey:Yeah. You okay?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Where have you been?
 Joey:(to Monica) Hey how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?
 Joey:Done.
 Joey:So Pheebs what’s this guy like?
 Joey:Yeah are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Uh yknow what we’re having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we’ll need a little more time to think about it.
 Joey:Both of us? (points to Chandler and himself)
 Joey:We’ll be there.
 Joey:Uh 1030.
 Joey:430.
 Joey:Yeah. Hey remember when she brought up that thing about the three of us?
 Joey:She was kidding about that right?
 Joey:God that would be weird it that situation presented itself tonight huh?
 Joey:Dude I don’t know.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be never open your eyes. Yknow because you don’t want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don’t want to be seeing.
 Joey:Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh hey how do we decide where we... (clears throat) yknow each would (clears throat again) yknow (pause) be?
 Joey:Yeah I guess but what’s like heads and what’s tails?
 Joey:So what are you gonna do?
 Joey:Yeah tell that to my Uncle Lenny.
 Joey:Nothing he’s just really believes in that.
 Joey:(Voice Over) Previously on Friends.
 Joey:Yeah. We figured when we couldn’t find you you’d gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
 Joey:Look Ross look I’m on board about this totally honesty thing I am just not about stuff that’s gonna get you in trouble.
 Joey:Yeah and there won’t be a relationship left to rebuild.
 Joey:All right okay now we just have to make sure she doesn’t find out some other way. (spins the chair around so that Ross is facing him) Did you think about the trail?
 Joey:(stomps on the footrest which pops Ross up into a sitting position) The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! (slapping his hands with each word) You always have to think about the trail!
 Joey:Yeah I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men that’s all. I mean come on it’s just a little wax.
 Joey:Okay fine so now what I just pull it off?
 Joey:Don’t answer that.
 Joey:Awful! Horrible!
 Joey:She was nothing compared to you.
 Joey:Ewwwww!
 Joey:Yknow what I don’t think we should listen to this anymore. (Goes to open the door)
 Joey:Why not?! (to Chandler) I’m hungry.
 Joey:Yeah we’ll be fine.
 Joey:Oh man pizza? I like pizza. (makes like he is trying to send a telepathic message to Rachel) Put olives on the pizza.
 Joey:You think I need a new walk?
 Joey:Well yknow I’ve been walking the same way since high school. Yknow yknow how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a ‘take notice’ walk.
 Joey:Whoa-ho-ho! (He looks at Chandler who gives him a ‘come on’ look.) Yeah okay.
 Joey:Maybe she killed him?
 Joey:(whispering) No I really have to pee.
 Joey:Can I see the comics?
 Joey:Okay may I see the comics?
 Joey:Yeah you shoulda been there last night.
 Joey:Well Ross was hangin’ out over at our place Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
 Joey:Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
 Joey:Well I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened that she should of forgiven him by now.
 Joey:I had the same dream!
 Joey:Oh I had the opposite dream.
 Joey:Yeah I mean it’s never taken me a week to get over a relationship.
 Joey:Rach it’s it’s ah it’s not that we don’t want to really. (quietly) Are we talking models in their underwear?
 Joey:(He turns around to Chandler looking for approval to go with Rachel Chandler mouths ‘Come on!’) (turning back to Rachel) Ross did ask us first and we set that night aside.
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:You’re smoking again?!
 Joey:(obviously cold) Hey can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
 Joey:It’ll be great for next weekend.
 Joey:It’ll be great for next weekend. I mean (in an Irish accent) it’ll be grrreat.
 Joey:Uh Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother’s cab but yknow what I’ll stay.
 Joey:(to Chandler and Monica) Hey does anybody else feel bad about Ross?
 Joey:What? Mine aren’t tinted.
 Joey:Oh now I have to go!!
 Joey:What’s going on?
 Joey:Relax okay I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
 Joey:Look I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
 Joey:Come on! Who has the biggest boobs?
 Joey:Whoever has the biggest boobs has the biggest bra therefore has the biggest wire.
 Joey:If you wanna get back in the car we need the wire your call.
 Joey:Thank you Phoebe that is very very generous.
 Joey:(opening the door) And there you go!
 Joey:Oh yeah Smokey Joe here got half way to the highway and collapsed.
 Joey:Okay done.
 Joey:That’s ‘help’ spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
 Joey:Arrrghh!!
 Joey:Guys do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
 Joey:I-I can’t handle this you guys.
 Joey:(pause) What?
 Joey:(pause) What?
 Joey:Yeah and not put us in the middle.
 Joey:Oh what wait wait a second I mean what are we doing? Who’s going with who?
 Joey:Come on man you drove all the way up here.
 Joey:Oh nothing no. It’s an acting exercise I’m practising my fake laugh.
 Joey:What-what’s so funny?
 Joey:Yeah or-or to get a hooker.
 Joey:Pheebs he seems to enjoy it.
 Joey:Well have-have you told him how you feel?
 Joey:So we’re walking down the street and I turn to you and I say “Hey let’s go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes” remember? And then and then you turn to me and say “Nah let’s just hang out at your place.” Well that was a nice move dumb ass.
 Joey:Yeah come on think about it. You’re 18 okay she’s 44 when you’re 36 she’s gonna be 88.
 Joey:Look the point is there’s a lot of women out there you haven’t even had sex with yet!
 Joey:Yeah in a poem maybe.
 Joey:Now wh-what what is that like?
 Joey:(to Ross) Why can’t I find that?
 Joey:Well I want it!
 Joey:I don’t know maybe I can’t. I mean maybe there’s something wrong with me.
 Joey:Then you hold on to it!!
 Joey:All right congratulations you lucky bastard! (hugs him)
 Joey:I couldn’t help it there love is so pure.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hey how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?
 Joey:Every night!!
 Joey:(He’s recorded his voice on the tape) Joey’s your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. (he laughs) And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
 Joey:(entering dancing and singing) Oh mommie oh daddie I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie oh daddie I am a big old baddie! (He dances around the dinner table and exits)
 Joey:Good. (He sets his stuff down and starts talking to Kate another cast member.) Hey.
 Joey:Oh so you’re playing Adrienne huh?
 Joey:Oh no. Ah I playing your husband Victor. I’m Joey Tribianni.
 Joey:So the ah play’s pretty great huh?
 Joey:Oh forget about it. She rocks!
 Joey:Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
 Joey:Hey I’ve done plays before. I’m a serious actor.
 Joey:See I actually can pour milk but I got you believing that I couldn’t. Now see that’s acting.
 Joey:Yeah that was real.
 Joey:I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay and whenever I can’t do it they’re all like-like laughing at me.
 Joey:Wow what-what do you think she wants?
 Joey:Oh oh I got it! Pete-Chicago.
 Joey:Oh and Mississ-Pete is?
 Joey:Well why don’t you tell me what you’re supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can’t figure it out! I talk to you and nothin’. You look at me and it’s nothin’. (He kisses her) Nothing.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh hey how about this one. Ah it’s says so in the script! Yknow ah I-I don’t know why my character likes you either I mean it says in the script here that you’re a bitch.
 Joey:It does in mine!
 Joey:Just because she went to Yale drama she thinks she’s like the greatest actress since since sliced bread!
 Joey:God I just I hate her! I hate her!! With her ‘Oh I’m so talented.’ and ‘Oh I’m so pretty’ and ‘Ooh I smell so good.’
 Joey:Hey Chandler can we please stay focused on my problem here?! Yknow?
 Joey:Oh. (realises) Ohh. Ohh you’re out of your mind.
 Joey:Oh yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
 Joey:Well why don’t you tell me what you’re supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can’t figure it out! I talk to you and it’s nothin’. You look at me and nothin’. (He kisses her more passionately this time) Nothing.
 Joey:Better?
 Joey:Ah Kate?
 Joey:You ah you forgot your shoes.
 Joey:Hey listen you ah....
 Joey:...feel like getting a cup of coffee?
 Joey:Yeah yeah sure goodnight.
 Joey:Yeah! Oh my God! (to Chandler) Is this what it’s like to be you?
 Joey:Oh you have no idea. And-and when we’re on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her but then she goes home with the director and it’s like somebody’s ripping out my heart!
 Joey:Uh Pheebs you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
 Joey:Hey Kate!
 Joey:Listen I ah went to that restaurant that you were talking about last week...
 Joey:(to himself) And I ate the food I had the fish it was good yeah. It was good yeah...
 Joey:Oh hey! Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:(looks at her shocked) What?!
 Joey:Get out of here really?!
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:They gave me the shaft all right.
 Joey:Well Ahh (he sees Kate and the director kissing) yeah! Yeah sure a drink sounds great.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Come on baby don’t go. Please? What do you say?
 Joey:(to Kate) That guy’s like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
 Joey:Hey I’m not interested in her sweater! It’s what’s underneath her sweater that counts. And besides since ah since when do you care who I’m going out with?
 Joey:Do you want me to want you to care?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Come on baby don’t go. Please? What do you say?
 Joey:Hey it’s gonna be all right.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Oh yeah with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah yknow what I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
 Joey:Okay. (he gives her a peck on the cheek)
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:(to Kate) Ah are you okay?
 Joey:I don’t know.
 Joey:How do you mean?
 Joey:Maybe he could slip her the tongue.
 Joey:Yeah yeah and then Adrian she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
 Joey:And then then he could use his teeth his teeth to undo her dress and and and bite her!
 Joey:Something like that?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(to Ross) Hey.
 Joey:(to Monica) Hey.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:No-no things ah finally happened with Kate.
 Joey:Oh it was so amazing. After the (pause) love making...
 Joey:Yep. I just I just watched her sleep for like hours just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming ‘cause ‘cause her eyes keep going like this. (He closes his eyes and moves them around kinda like he’s been processed by the devil or something.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:So I ah talked to Lauren kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah did you talk to Marshall?
 Joey:Yknow about what happened with us.
 Joey:What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean come on you can’t tell me last night didn’t mean something to you. I-I was there you’re not that good an actress.
 Joey:Nooo.
 Joey:Hi Lauren.
 Joey:(on phone) Well so anyway Beth what I’m saying is I should’ve considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I’ve ah I’ve recently learned what’s it like to be on your side of it and I’m sorry. So do you think you can forgive me? (listens) Great. Thanks. Okay bye. (He sits down and crosses out something and dials the phone again.) Hello Jennifer? (listens) Oh hi Mrs. Loreo is Jennifer there? (listens) Oh she’s not home huh? (listens) Well ah actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
 Joey:(leaving Central Perk and seeing Monica laying on top of Rachel who is moaning in pain.) Oh my.
 Joey:Hey. Yknow with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
 Joey:Hey I was crying because because nobody believed Quincy’s theory. Okay?
 Joey:Saw a girl with that vest.
 Joey:(on phone) Yeah hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? ‘Cause I was watching this ah commercial on TV and man those guys are cute!
 Joey:(entering carrying a box) Hey!!
 Joey:I got you something! Open it! Open it!
 Joey:It’s cute huh?
 Joey:Oh well no problem there. (He picks up the chick hugs it really tight and talks to it like it’s a little baby.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:How’s she doing?
 Joey:Well yeah don’t-don’t you think it’s a she?
 Joey:Well anyway I got to go change I’m ah meeting some of the cast for drinks.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Hey! Who was up from 2 o’clock this morning until 5 o’clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
 Joey:Ohhh here it comes.
 Joey:Hey!! I need to relax! Okay? I was working all day!
 Joey:That’s not what I said. Okay I just meant...
 Joey:I don’t know maybe we weren’t ready to have a chick.
 Joey:Do you think we’ll get our three bucks back?
 Joey:Well the brown one brings out your eyes but your butt looks great in the blue one.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:(sees he’s watching Baywatch) Ohhh. (sees he still has the chick) Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
 Joey:Okay good good good ‘cause good ‘cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
 Joey:That’s horrible! Well you did the right thing man.
 Joey:What ‘cha doing?
 Joey:What about the chick?
 Joey:Are you sure?
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:(stopping him) Wait. Give him a minute.
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Uh listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
 Joey:Two it is. Ross how about you?
 Joey:But you said one.
 Joey:Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah you guys mean you plus one?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh hey you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
 Joey:(to Chandler) And I ah borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
 Joey:The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
 Joey:So so what’d ya think?
 Joey:I-I wasn’t in that.
 Joey:(sees Kate) Oh-oh hey-hey Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody this is Kate.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh hey Lauren. Uh you guys this is this is Kate’s understudy Lauren.
 Joey:Hey you guys this is my agent Estelle.
 Joey:No they-they weren’t in the play.
 Joey:Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
 Joey:Anyone mind if I save this?
 Joey:Hey! Are you okay?
 Joey:Listen drama critics they’re nothing but but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what you should do?
 Joey:Oh classy.
 Joey:Wow! Yeah I ah I gave up a job too.
 Joey:Uh de-clawing cats. Hey tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We’ll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
 Joey:Oh you didn’t see the Post?
 Joey:No. Why?
 Joey:Oh absolutely! You’re talented and you’re good looking.
 Joey:I know! That’s why they trashed me!
 Joey:Whoa. Wait a minute wait a minute.
 Joey:I I don’t get you. I mean first you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me now you want me again.
 Joey:Kate do you even like me?
 Joey:Well so how come you blew me off? Yknow? How come you were with him?
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:(Checks to see if she’s drooling on his shirt.) Okay. Okay okay hey. (Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.) There we go let’s get your feet up there. (Looks at her) Good night Kate. Sweet dreams. (Picks up a garbage can) I’m gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
 Joey:(entering happily) Hey!
 Joey:Yeah! I stayed at Kate’s but ah nothing happened. Hey Pheebs where were ya?
 Joey:Oh it was great! Yeah I-I walked her home and it was amazing how much we connected yknow? Then ah then she passed out but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking and now we’re like totally crazy about each other!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You-you think?
 Joey:Two brothers one died!
 Joey:Yeah?!
 Joey:Sorry! Sorry I’m late; sorry I’m late! My duck and my chick and a fight it-it was ugly.
 Joey:(surprised it’s Lauren) (hugs her) (whispering) Where’s Kate?
 Joey:(stunned) What?!
 Joey:Oh ahh go to the window. I’m wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
 Joey:(grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in) (whispering) When is she leaving?
 Joey:(making like he is yelling up to the second floor) I’m coming up!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Wh-wh-what’s going on? Wh-what’s this about L.A.?
 Joey:But but wh-what about us?
 Joey:Well so stay for the museums!
 Joey:Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean I’ll go to the airport with ya I-I wanna say good bye.
 Joey:(to Lauren) In a minute!!
 Joey:Yeah I guess it is. (sees Kate is watching he turns Lauren so that he can talk directly to Kate but still look like he is talking to Lauren) Listen I ah I gotta say good bye and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know is that I will never forget you. But you’ve got things you have to do now and so do I. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship (smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling and a ladder comes down with flashing colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return 200 years from now you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up because Adrienne baby I’m gonna want to meet her.
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Uh listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
 Joey:Two it is. Ross how about you?
 Joey:But you said one.
 Joey:Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah you guys mean you plus one?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh hey you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
 Joey:(to Chandler) And I ah borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
 Joey:The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
 Joey:So so what’d ya think?
 Joey:I-I wasn’t in that.
 Joey:(sees Kate) Oh-oh hey-hey Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody this is Kate.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh hey Lauren. Uh you guys this is this is Kate’s understudy Lauren.
 Joey:Hey you guys this is my agent Estelle.
 Joey:No they-they weren’t in the play.
 Joey:Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
 Joey:Anyone mind if I save this?
 Joey:Hey! Are you okay?
 Joey:Listen drama critics they’re nothing but but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what you should do?
 Joey:Oh classy.
 Joey:Wow! Yeah I ah I gave up a job too.
 Joey:Uh de-clawing cats. Hey tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We’ll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
 Joey:Oh you didn’t see the Post?
 Joey:No. Why?
 Joey:Oh absolutely! You’re talented and you’re good looking.
 Joey:I know! That’s why they trashed me!
 Joey:Whoa. Wait a minute wait a minute.
 Joey:I I don’t get you. I mean first you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me now you want me again.
 Joey:Kate do you even like me?
 Joey:Well so how come you blew me off? Yknow? How come you were with him?
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:(Checks to see if she’s drooling on his shirt.) Okay. Okay okay hey. (Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.) There we go let’s get your feet up there. (Looks at her) Good night Kate. Sweet dreams. (Picks up a garbage can) I’m gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
 Joey:(entering happily) Hey!
 Joey:Yeah! I stayed at Kate’s but ah nothing happened. Hey Pheebs where were ya?
 Joey:Oh it was great! Yeah I-I walked her home and it was amazing how much we connected yknow? Then ah then she passed out but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking and now we’re like totally crazy about each other!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You-you think?
 Joey:Two brothers one died!
 Joey:Yeah?!
 Joey:Sorry! Sorry I’m late; sorry I’m late! My duck and my chick and a fight it-it was ugly.
 Joey:(surprised it’s Lauren) (hugs her) (whispering) Where’s Kate?
 Joey:(stunned) What?!
 Joey:Oh ahh go to the window. I’m wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
 Joey:(grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in) (whispering) When is she leaving?
 Joey:(making like he is yelling up to the second floor) I’m coming up!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Wh-wh-what’s going on? Wh-what’s this about L.A.?
 Joey:But but wh-what about us?
 Joey:Well so stay for the museums!
 Joey:Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean I’ll go to the airport with ya I-I wanna say good bye.
 Joey:(to Lauren) In a minute!!
 Joey:Yeah I guess it is. (sees Kate is watching he turns Lauren so that he can talk directly to Kate but still look like he is talking to Lauren) Listen I ah I gotta say good bye and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know is that I will never forget you. But you’ve got things you have to do now and so do I. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship (smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling and a ladder comes down with flashing colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return 200 years from now you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up because Adrienne baby I’m gonna want to meet her.
 Joey:Tell us!
 Joey:(to Billy) So you’re the gynaecologist?
 Joey:And it’s not fake it’s totally brutal.
 Joey:What? My hands are totally clean I just gave the duck a bath.
 Joey:Yeah maybe it’s like yknow that jock thing. Yknow how football players pat each other after touchdowns. (pats Ross on the butt)
 Joey:Yeah. What are we getting?
 Joey:Yeah or you can teach him a lesson. Yknow? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt all right? Then when he goes to smack ya his hand will smell. (thinking aloud) Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
 Joey:(sticking his head out the window) Hey the fight’s starting!
 Joey:(sticking his head out the window) Fight’s over!
 Joey:Check it out he’s winning! (to Monica) Pete’s winning!
 Joey:No-o-o!!
 Joey:Yeah sure. Well yknow earlier she was talking about geography.
 Joey:Well I think we all learned something.
 Joey:That you’re actually 50?
 Joey:Hey Bonnie had sex there!
 Joey:(walking up carrying a brown paper bag) Hey!
 Joey:No it’s just my luggage.
 Joey:Woo-hoo! All right! Yeah!
 Joey:Hey-hey check out the hat!
 Joey:(getting an idea) Hey yknow what a really good rainy day game is?
 Joey:I mean naked game. Strip poker we should totally play strip poker.
 Joey:Come on! When you go away you-you have to play it’s like a law!
 Joey:Hey you know what naked card game is never boring?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Okay all right.
 Joey:Fan out! Fan out!
 Joey:(jumping in triumph) OH YES!!!!!
 Joey:Yeah well I couldn’t find any cards so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
 Joey:All right relax. It’s just a shoe.
 Joey:Fine. Gang up on me! I got you all right where I want you.
 Joey:Actually yknow it’s kinda cold so how about I keep my boxers on and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
 Joey:We’re playing Strip Happy Days Game!
 Joey:What’s the matter Pheebs?
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:But I made cards!!
 Joey:(to Ross) Wanna play strip poker for practice?
 Joey:I’m telling ya you guys are totally getting back together!
 Joey:So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight you’re doing the smart healthy thing and moving on.
 Joey:Right and you go with Rachel Bonnie’s free tonight?
 Joey:(lying on a beach towel recapping what happened in the last episode) Okay so we went to the beach because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad and I don’t really know what happened with that.
 Joey:(voice-over) Oh and then Monica joked that she wouldn’t go out with a guy like Chandler...
 Joey:(voice-over) ...and he couldn’t let it go and... I don’t really know what happened with that either.
 Joey:(voice-over) Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend Bonnie shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don’t know what happened there either...
 Joey:Yknow what hold on let me go get Chandler. (gets up and leaves.)
 Joey:Whoa wait Pheebs wait a second! Don’t you wanna stay here and talk about it?
 Joey:(jumping up in a hole that he is digging he is shoulder deep) Hey you guys! Take a look at this! (Chandler and Monica jump up and go over to the hole.) Check this baby out dug me a hole!
 Joey:Oh no! No!! My hole!!
 Joey:(climbing out of the hole) What?! What?!! What is it?!
 Joey:Yeah and I’m a little tired from digging the hole.
 Joey:Well there’s really only one thing you can do.
 Joey:You’re gonna have to pee on it.
 Joey:Don’t blame me I saw it on The Discovery Channel.
 Joey:If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
 Joey:Me too.
 Joey:No?
 Joey:Sure it’s hard to forget! But that doesn’t mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never (to Chandler) ever talk about.
 Joey:It’s between us and the sea Ross!
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:All right. (gets up)
 Joey:Well we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
 Joey:And I was tired from digging the huge hole!
 Joey:I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
 Joey:That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too I’d pee on anyone of you! Only uhh I couldn’t. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh I turned to Chandler.
 Joey:(laughs) That’s ‘cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
 Joey:How many times do I have to tell you! Ya turn and sliiiide! Yknow turn and slide.
 Joey:Look we’re not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
 Joey:All right. But you’re gonna have to tell them. (He opens the cabinet to reveal the chick and the duck living inside with Christmas lights and a disco ball as decorations.)
 Joey:Looks good uh?
 Joey:Hey the ad alone cost 300 bucks!
 Joey:What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.
 Joey:Oh. What do you do?
 Joey:What? What’s wrong?
 Joey:(to Chandler) Dude Phoebe’s mom has got a huge peni...
 Joey:Well there were a couple of calls last night but ah I don’t think any of them are gonna work out.
 Joey:Pretty nice?
 Joey:(to Peter) Good for you!!
 Joey:(looking at the flyer) Yeah-eah! 200 dollar reward split five ways!!
 Joey:Uh Pheebs about your mom...
 Joey:(pause) How’s that going?
 Joey:That’s so sweet. (pause) I’m gonna get some coffee. (gets up and leaves)
 Joey:This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction tons of storage compartments some big enough to fit a grown man.
 Joey:Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn’t and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny ‘til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
 Joey:Oh yeah? (opens up the center and takes out the stereo) If I can’t I’ll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.
 Joey:Okay. (he gets in the unit and closes the door) See?! I told ya!
 Joey:Sometimes I get in here just to get away from it! Hey a nickel!!
 Joey:(still trapped in the entertainment center) WHAT?!!
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:(getting out) Awww man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!
 Joey:Well this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!
 Joey:I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh man if I ever run into that guy again do you know what I’m gonna do?
 Joey:(looking through a deck of cards) Aww man he took the five of spades!! Oh no-no-no here it is!
 Joey:Dude you don’t have to brag! We got nothing here!!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa Treeger made you cry?
 Joey:I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
 Joey:All right that’s it school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)
 Joey:Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend Rachel cry. So now you’re gonna go up there and apologize to her unless you want me to call the landlord.
 Joey:Have you heard about a little something called Not Making Girls Cry.
 Joey:I have actually not heard of that.
 Joey:Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know! (He storms out and once Treeger closes the door behind him Joey makes an ‘Oops!’ have.)
 Joey:Well uh I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he’d better come up here and apologize. I’ll see you later. (Starts to leave)
 Joey:He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.
 Joey:Well he made Rachel cry!
 Joey:All right! I’ll try! But if I can’t you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
 Joey:All right all right all right. (Starts to leave stops and turns around) I mean I’ll have to check with him first but I’ll think he’ll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)
 Joey:Please don’t kick Monica and Rachel out this wasn’t there fault it was mine.
 Joey:No you can’t do that where would the chick and the duck live?
 Joey:Noo-no-no no those are nicknames. I’m the chick and Chandler is the duck.
 Joey:Come on man just-just let the girls stay I’ll do whatever you want.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah absolutely.
 Joey:What what is it?
 Joey:That’s not prison lingo is it?
 Joey:Yeah there’s this superintendent’s dance the Super Ball. I don’t know and he wants to impress Marge this lady super that he’s a crush on.
 Joey:Well he’s too shy he doesn’t thing he’s good enough to dance with girls yet.
 Joey:Aww man now we won’t be bank buddies!
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I’m doing something exciting and I don’t wanna get too excited I just ahh y’know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches and ah baseball and ah Chandler!
 Joey:No-no thank you.
 Joey:All right I’m here let’s ahh get this over with.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa don’t we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh get really drunk?
 Joey:No it’s okay but if I’m Marge my breasts are coming out my back.
 Joey:Come on man you’re not a potato.
 Joey:Come on Treeger don’t say that. You just ahh you just need more practice. Here come on let’s ahh let’s try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus it was it was probably mostly my fault anyway. I mean y’know I’m not really that comfortable dancing with a—(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!
 Joey:Ah-ha-ha you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:No I didn’t.
 Joey:No I’m not! And it wasn’t a hop it was a pademarie.
 Joey:All right well maybe I’m enjoying it a little bit. I mean I’m getting pretty good at it.
 Joey:Hey-hey hold on this isn’t some kind of like girly dance. All right it’s like a sport it’s manly!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:I don’t know how to lead.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(To Mr. Treeger) So you ah ready for our last practice?
 Joey:Look you wanna use our place?
 Joey:We did it!!
 Joey:I know it was amazing! I mean we totally nailed it it was beautiful.
 Joey:Oh well okay good luck.
 Joey:Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Go get ‘em Treeger.
 Joey:(intrigued) Really?
 Joey:No I’m good.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa Treeger made you cry?
 Joey:I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
 Joey:All right that’s it school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)
 Joey:Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend Rachel cry. So now you’re gonna go up there and apologize to her unless you want me to call the landlord.
 Joey:Have you heard about a little something called Not Making Girls Cry.
 Joey:I have actually not heard of that.
 Joey:Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know! (He storms out and once Treeger closes the door behind him Joey makes an ‘Oops!’ have.)
 Joey:Well uh I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he’d better come up here and apologize. I’ll see you later. (Starts to leave)
 Joey:He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.
 Joey:Well he made Rachel cry!
 Joey:All right! I’ll try! But if I can’t you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
 Joey:All right all right all right. (Starts to leave stops and turns around) I mean I’ll have to check with him first but I’ll think he’ll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)
 Joey:Please don’t kick Monica and Rachel out this wasn’t there fault it was mine.
 Joey:No you can’t do that where would the chick and the duck live?
 Joey:Noo-no-no no those are nicknames. I’m the chick and Chandler is the duck.
 Joey:Come on man just-just let the girls stay I’ll do whatever you want.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah absolutely.
 Joey:What what is it?
 Joey:That’s not prison lingo is it?
 Joey:Yeah there’s this superintendent’s dance the Super Ball. I don’t know and he wants to impress Marge this lady super that he’s a crush on.
 Joey:Well he’s too shy he doesn’t thing he’s good enough to dance with girls yet.
 Joey:Aww man now we won’t be bank buddies!
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I’m doing something exciting and I don’t wanna get too excited I just ahh y’know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches and ah baseball and ah Chandler!
 Joey:No-no thank you.
 Joey:All right I’m here let’s ahh get this over with.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa don’t we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh get really drunk?
 Joey:No it’s okay but if I’m Marge my breasts are coming out my back.
 Joey:Come on man you’re not a potato.
 Joey:Come on Treeger don’t say that. You just ahh you just need more practice. Here come on let’s ahh let’s try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus it was it was probably mostly my fault anyway. I mean y’know I’m not really that comfortable dancing with a—(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!
 Joey:Ah-ha-ha you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:No I didn’t.
 Joey:No I’m not! And it wasn’t a hop it was a pademarie.
 Joey:All right well maybe I’m enjoying it a little bit. I mean I’m getting pretty good at it.
 Joey:Hey-hey hold on this isn’t some kind of like girly dance. All right it’s like a sport it’s manly!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:I don’t know how to lead.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(To Mr. Treeger) So you ah ready for our last practice?
 Joey:Look you wanna use our place?
 Joey:We did it!!
 Joey:I know it was amazing! I mean we totally nailed it it was beautiful.
 Joey:Oh well okay good luck.
 Joey:Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Go get ‘em Treeger.
 Joey:(intrigued) Really?
 Joey:No I’m good.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hey I see you guys already met huh?
 Joey:Didnt I tell ya? Always showin off.
 Joey:Oh Kath we should get going. Were going to by hamsters.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Hey guys. (to Chandler) Listen uh you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?
 Joey:Its 430.
 Joey:Okay I see whats going on here.
 Joey:Yeah! You dont like Kathy.
 Joey:Yeah youve been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look I made an effort to like Janice now I think its your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
 Joey:Good and hey! My treat. (He turns to go into his bedroom then stops.) But thats only because youre not eating anything right?
 Joey:Is she great or what?
 Joey:(to Kathy) Ill be right back. (to Chandler) What was that?
 Joey:Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
 Joey:I want you to like her! But if thats too damned difficult for you then the least you can do is pretend.
 Joey:Well then do it better!
 Joey:Well thats pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
 Joey:(opening the door wearing nothing but a sock and holding a dart board over the `Little General.) Hey! (Chandler turns down the TV) Now were not actually gonna be sleeping in her but do you mind?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:You can pee here!
 Joey:Weve only been going out for a couple of weeks do you think I gotta get her something?
 Joey:Oh I know...
 Joey:(entering the apartment) Hey. Man it is so hard to shop for girls.
 Joey:Its two gifts in one. Its a pen thats also a clock! Huh?
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Sure it is! She needs a pen for work shes writing she turns it over.... Whoa! Its time for my date with Joey!
 Joey:She didnt have a birthday while we were going out.
 Joey:(whining and heading toward the door) Look its too late and I got an audition. I cant shop anymore! I...
 Joey:Thanks man. And oh while youre at it could you get her a card?
 Joey:Or... just get a card that has a poem already in it.
 Joey:So you just left? Her place was really that bad?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Wow. Thanks. So uh what happened?
 Joey:All right so... next time you take her to your place.
 Joey:What kind of smell?
 Joey:All right listen Ross... you like this girl right?
 Joey:You wanna see her again right?
 Joey:So youre gonna have to do it in the mess!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig! (Ross hesitates looks unsure) Oink!
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Im meeting Kathy in ten minutes! Ive been looking all over for you!
 Joey:Our place the hall! I...
 Joey:(Unimpressed) A book? (Suddenly interested) Is it like a book thats also a safe?
 Joey:You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this I owe you one. (Joey leaves comes back in.) Oh hey! There wasnt any change from that twenty was there?
 Joey:Wow. Thats almost as much as a new book.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh man she loved it! Shes over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.
 Joey:Hey listen I gotta tell ya I feel kinda bad taking credit for this because man am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:You know uh... [Joey moves the pen case out onto the counter.] Chandler got you a gift too.
 Joey:Yeah he did look... look its right there on the counter! Ha-ho-ho!
 Joey:Ah. Hm. (To Kathy) Wanna go to bed?
 Joey:Oh uh... dont forget your coupon. (Tries to strike a sexy pose up against the doorway to his room. Then goes inside).
 Joey:(opening bedroom door) Hey that coupon expires you know.
 Joey:Great! All right so I’ll call you later.
 Joey:That would be Casey. We’re going out tonight.
 Joey:No things are fine with Kathy. I’m having a late dinner with her tonight right after my early dinner with Casey.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself! (Laughs)
 Joey:Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
 Joey:What is the big deal? It’s not like we’re exclusive.
 Joey:You got all that from the back of her head?
 Joey:Who’s Elaine?
 Joey:(on the other end at a pay phone) Hey it’s me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
 Joey:We broke down on the Parkway so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey listen could you please tell Kathy that I’ll be there as soon as I can.
 Joey:‘Cause I only have one quarter and I think my time is about to—(he stops talking suddenly)
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Me too but I guess I do have a couple of more—(his time runs out for real)
 Joey:(on phone) Hey dude it’s me.
 Joey:Listen uh I’m really sorry it looks like I’m gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid but when I went to put it in the car the transmission wasn’t there!
 Joey:Yeah it must’ve fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.
 Joey:Listen uh could you put Kathy on I wanna apologize.
 Joey:Aww man! I can’t believe I locked myself out again! (He knocks on the door.)
 Joey:(rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:Well you’re amazing.
 Joey:(very excited) A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That’s the dream! Man how did you afford this stuff?
 Joey:Oh you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
 Joey:Oh-no-no-no you are! You do this you give me the great advice and hey listen I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman I’m gonna do that.
 Joey:No-no-no I think I’m gonna see how things go with Kathy. She’s pretty cool.
 Joey:No-no Kathy.
 Joey:No. No Kathy.
 Joey:Y’know what I think? I think somebody’s got a little crush on Casey. How ‘bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
 Joey:Hey! Samboucha Margarita?
 Joey:Well we only had samboucha so it is now.
 Joey:What’s up?
 Joey:You do?
 Joey:Well you’re timing couldn’t be better. She’s not my girlfriend anymore.
 Joey:Yeah she broke up with me.
 Joey:Just now after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene that’s why I let people watch.
 Joey:Well I’ve been better. But I’m all right. So you like her huh?
 Joey:No-no-no no it’s uh it’s okay.
 Joey:Yeah. You know why? ‘Cause you came to me first.
 Joey:But hey listen just so you know you might have you’re work cut out for you. ‘Cause when I talked to her I kinda got the feeling that she’s into some other guy. So…
 Joey:Who?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
 Joey:What?!! That’s even worse!!
 Joey:I don’t know! But it’s the same!
 Joey:Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you!
 Joey:Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
 Joey:Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like Well kinda.) Well y’know what I will not watch your TV I will not listen to your stereo and there’s a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I’m not gonna eat! You know why?!
 Joey:Because it’s all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I’m not happy about you either. (The bread maker dings) Oh and just so you know I made that bread for you. (Joey walks into his bedroom and slams the door.)
 Joey:(answering phone) Hello.
 Joey:(answering phone) Hello.
 Joey:(answering phone) Stop callin’!!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I’m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.
 Joey:No! I’m putting that in my room.
 Joey:Back when you and Rachel were together if Chandler had kissed her would you hear him out?
 Joey:Five years.
 Joey:Hey! Don’t do the crime if you can’t do the time.
 Joey:No was my best friend. Anyway I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend there’s a spot open.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:All right. But if you weren’t my best friend.
 Joey:(entering) Hey Gunther have you uh have you seen Chandler?
 Joey:(Something in Italian.) (Storms out.)
 Joey:My folks.
 Joey:I don’t know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.
 Joey:Yeah y’know at first I thought we could talk about this y’know work it out but uh seeing you two together I don’t think I…
 Joey:Look it’s not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don’t want to live with some one who doesn’t know what it is to be a friend. So I’ll see ya. (He starts to leave but Chandler grabs his bag and stops him.)
 Joey:Yeah! You did! And that’s why I’m leaving.
 Joey:When that guy was robbing us and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
 Joey:Yeah! But if would’ve know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be I wouldn’t have worried about it so much! See you around!
 Joey:We’ve got a box. (Motions to a large wooden box next to him.)
 Joey:(coming out of the bathroom) What’s twisted?
 Joey:Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!
 Joey:He’s fine!
 Joey:Chandler?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:He’s doin’ some thinkin’!
 Joey:You kissed my girlfriend!
 Joey:That doesn’t sound like thinking to me!
 Joey:Y’know I don’t think you should be talking at all in there! I think you’ve got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
 Joey:All right look! If this is just a big joke to you then forget about it all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn’t mean anything to you then you should get out of there otherwise you’re just an idiot in a box!
 Joey:So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
 Joey:That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? (There’s no response from Chandler.) Okay.
 Joey:I’ll get it. (It’s Kathy.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:That’s okay. Chandler’s the one I’m mad at.
 Joey:In the box.
 Joey:(starting to cry) Open the box!! (Runs over to do so.)
 Joey:He can still catch her! Come on get out of there! (He opens the box) Get out of there!
 Joey:Yeah we’re gonna be fine! Get out!
 Joey:Yeah you did some real good thinkin’ in there.
 Joey:Now go! ‘Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you’re secret Santa! (Chandler runs out and closes the door.)
 Joey:All right who got Chandler? ‘Cause I uh need to trade.
 Joey:Uhh that’s not them. I’m gonna go call the police.
 Joey:Done! I did it! Heh who’s stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.)
 Joey:Well I know what I’m giving you for Christmas.
 Joey:Ohhh!
 Joey:Hey Mon! I’m not doing anything why don’t you fire me?
 Joey:Good enough to get fired.
 Joey:Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
 Joey:Sure! Where are the seats?
 Joey:Now wait a second! You make food and robots?
 Joey:Yeah lady I do! I got a problem with that!
 Joey:Oh what are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:(checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)
 Joey:(entering from the dining room) Hey.
 Joey:Hey what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket? (sees there’s a burn spot on it)
 Joey:You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot which just happens to be over her breast.)
 Joey:It’s still a tiny bit on fire there.
 Joey:Yeah. Listen uh I’d prefer it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here I thought it’d be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
 Joey:(opening an envelope) There’s like-there’s like 300 bucks in this one!
 Joey:No ma’am.
 Joey:I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand and I was thinking Wow! It’s been a long time since I had… (tries to do the math in his head but can’t) 327 + 238 dollars!
 Joey:And I gotta pay rent! Look how-how about this? You don’t fire me instead I stay here I gain their trust and they’ll start listening to all the nice things I’ve been saying about you.
 Joey:Well nothing yet they really hate you and I want to fit in.
 Joey:(interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
 Joey:You bet I do! I just ah wasn’t listening then that’s all.
 Joey:What are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
 Joey:Well I guess I should’ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
 Joey:Yep! Looks like it’s gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
 Joey:(leaving) Lean-lean-lean!
 Joey:Done! I did it! Heh who’s stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.)
 Joey:Well I know what I’m giving you for Christmas.
 Joey:Ohhh!
 Joey:Hey Mon! I’m not doing anything why don’t you fire me?
 Joey:Good enough to get fired.
 Joey:Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
 Joey:Sure! Where are the seats?
 Joey:Now wait a second! You make food and robots?
 Joey:Yeah lady I do! I got a problem with that!
 Joey:Oh what are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:(checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)
 Joey:(entering from the dining room) Hey.
 Joey:Hey what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket? (sees there’s a burn spot on it)
 Joey:You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot which just happens to be over her breast.)
 Joey:It’s still a tiny bit on fire there.
 Joey:Yeah. Listen uh I’d prefer it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here I thought it’d be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
 Joey:(opening an envelope) There’s like-there’s like 300 bucks in this one!
 Joey:No ma’am.
 Joey:I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand and I was thinking Wow! It’s been a long time since I had… (tries to do the math in his head but can’t) 327 + 238 dollars!
 Joey:And I gotta pay rent! Look how-how about this? You don’t fire me instead I stay here I gain their trust and they’ll start listening to all the nice things I’ve been saying about you.
 Joey:Well nothing yet they really hate you and I want to fit in.
 Joey:(interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
 Joey:You bet I do! I just ah wasn’t listening then that’s all.
 Joey:What are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
 Joey:Well I guess I should’ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
 Joey:Yep! Looks like it’s gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
 Joey:(leaving) Lean-lean-lean!
 Joey:(entering with Ross) Hey! You guys! Check it out check it out! (He’s wearing a blue blazer) Guess which job I got.
 Joey:Oh ah tour guide at the museum. Yeah Ross got it for me.
 Joey:No not really. They give you all the information it’s uh it’s like memorizing a script. (Making like a tour guide) And on your left you have Tyrannosaurus Rex a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
 Joey:Yeah but I can pronounce Jurassic.
 Joey:You’re really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:No Pheebs listen if you decide to do this we’ll be supportive like crazy.
 Joey:Okay now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
 Joey:Shhh! This is a museum no talking. Right down here (Motions to a fossilised dinosaur foot.) we have a large foot. (Sees Ross working in one of the display cases.) Uhh and over here we have Ross Geller. (Knocks on the glass) Everyone wave ‘Hi’ to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists look at him hard at work. (Ross does the old Putting a cigarette in your ear and pulling it out of your mouth trick.) Okay moving right along. Come on.
 Joey:Uhh do you mind sitting there. I’m-I’m saving this for my friend Ross.
 Joey:Doctor? Wow! I didn’t know he had a nickname.
 Joey:Well how-how come?
 Joey:That’s crazy.
 Joey:I-I think everybody’s pretending they don’t hear you. Anyway look I don’t know about you and your jackets and your separate tables but Ross is one of my best friends and if I save him a seat I’m telling you he will sit in it! (Ross enters and goes over to the white table) Ross! Ross! Over here man! I-I saved you seat.
 Joey:It’s no big deal. Hey y’know you do what you gotta do. Right?
 Joey:Whatever.
 Joey:Look Ross really it’s-it’s no big deal. Y’know you wear a white coat I wear a blue blazer if that means we can’t be friends at work then so be it. Y’know hey I understand. Y’know? Hey when I’m in a play and you’re in the audience I don’t talk to you right? So it’s y’know it’s uh it’s cool. I’ll see you tomorrow. (Leaves)
 Joey:(standing up) I will sit with you Dr. Geller. (He goes over to his table and they shake hands.)
 Joey:(stands up and throws his coat on the floor) I’m Joey! I’m an actor! I don’t know squat about dinosaurs!
 Joey:Yeah you hang in there Teddy!
 Joey:It’s the chick! She’s…going through some changes.
 Joey:Good luck. (to Monica) And I’m still right!
 Joey:She’s mad because I know today’s her laundry day and that means she’s wearing her old lady underpants.
 Joey:Yeah what’s that about?
 Joey:Oh yeah? Ross how many items left in that bag?
 Joey:Six.
 Joey:All right we’ll start with…apples.
 Joey:Okay. Uhh tortilla chips yogurt.
 Joey:Okay the last thing…
 Joey:No-no not for like another two weeks.
 Joey:Serious?
 Joey:No! All right who-who makes up the questions?
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:I know.
 Joey:Animals dressed as humans.
 Joey:(to Chandler) The Irish gig guy?!
 Joey:It’s All Relative.
 Joey:(to Chandler) Nana?
 Joey:(answering the question) Althea!
 Joey:I took a shot.
 Joey:Hey no way that rooster’s family!
 Joey:What do you have against the duck?! He doesn’t make any noise!
 Joey:Look we are not gonna…
 Joey:(shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
 Joey:Oooooh!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Big fat goalie.
 Joey:Weekend at Bernie’s.
 Joey:Everyday use.
 Joey:Guest.
 Joey:Uhh 11!
 Joey:I call Monica’s room!
 Joey:Sure I can standard shotgun rules I’m sight of the room and I called it.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Hey—ooh Pheebs are they in there?
 Joey:Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:You can’t just ignore the bet! It’s a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose you lose the bet!
 Joey:Hey don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
 Joey:But it is our apartment!
 Joey:Did you see the size of the closets?!
 Joey:(entering) Hey! (Goes to the fridge.)
 Joey:(Holding a turkey leg) There’s gravy?
 Joey:I think I left a donut up here.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(to Ross) That-that is a good trick.
 Joey:Chandler look they’re actors. They’re there to do a job just ‘cause they work together doesn’t mean they’re gonna get together. I mean just ‘cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins it doesn’t mean it’s gonna happen with them.
 Joey:Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
 Joey:Okay look look let me ask you a question when they were doing it on stage was it like really hot?
 Joey:Well okay so then you’re fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it’s hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It’s when the heat goes away that’s when you’re in trouble.
 Joey:Look you guys have been to every play I’ve ever been in have I ever had chemistry on stage?
 Joey:Noooo!!
 Joey:Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
 Joey:Yep! Grab a plate.
 Joey:No-no stay right there. (Monica stops and Joey flips her a pancake which flies over her head and lands in the living room.) Gettin’ closer.
 Joey:Listen also we’re uh we’re watching the game here Saturday night if people want to come over.
 Joey:Oh yeah who’s playing?
 Joey:All right Pheebs stick out your plate!
 Joey:I don’t know it smells good.
 Joey:(Holding a magazine) Wow! The new Playboy!
 Joey:Come here.
 Joey:Oh yeah totally! That’s such a turn-on!
 Joey:Oh-ooh that’s the turn-on.
 Joey:Oh-oh-oh-oh how I do it is I look a woman up and down and say Hey how you doin’?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Hey how you doin’?
 Joey:Well you gotta give him something that he can’t say no too. Like uh Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game you’re guaranteed he’ll say yes!
 Joey:Absolutely! And if it doesn’t can I get the extra ticket?
 Joey:What the heck is that?
 Joey:No! Forget her man! You don’t need her you don’t need that!
 Joey:Dude tell me she actually told you this.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa that-that was just a theory! There’s a lot of theories that didn’t pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
 Joey:Okay for next time what do you say?
 Joey:What’s ready?
 Joey:I don’t know it looks the same.
 Joey:Oh yeah!
 Joey:How’d it go?
 Joey:Guggly worm.
 Joey:Glow-pop giggly jammer.
 Joey:(examining it) Ohh a hunk of sandwich from last year. (Monica drops the sandwich)
 Joey:(going over and picking up the rod) That’s all right. Hey you guys you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that Joey what are you doing with your life? stuff. I can say Well I’m doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?
 Joey:Look there’s nothing I can do for him right now he’s still in his sweat pants that’s still Phase One. Yknow? I’ll be back for Phase Two I would never miss Phase Two.
 Joey:Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club.
 Joey:Which helps him get to Phase Three picturing yourself with other women.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(entering) Hey-hey!
 Joey:Oh my God you guys have no idea.
 Joey:Yeah three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey how-how’s he doing?
 Joey:(goes over to Chandler) Hey buddy! How’s it going?
 Joey:(To the rest of the gang) Hey see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right uh I’ve got to go memorise my lines. (Starts to go his bedroom) Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
 Joey:(running from his bedroom) Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
 Joey:Look I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don’t have time! They’re just ten blocks away if I run I can make it.
 Joey:(rushing in) Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I’m here! I’m here!
 Joey:Look at that Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip!
 Joey:(trying to act like he’s not the one that stinks.) Whoa! Yeah what the hell is that? What smells so bad?
 Joey:Y’know I can see why you think that but ah actually you know who I think it is?
 Joey:No-no it’s uh it’s Heston.
 Joey:Yeah the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
 Joey:Really a shower huh? And uh which-which room might that be?
 Joey:Interesting.
 Joey:How ya doin’?
 Joey:I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas huh?
 Joey:No-no-no no no wait. You see I’m an actor Joey Tribbiani I’m doing a scene with you today and well I stink.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah I’m one of the cops that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose cannon. Anyway look I’m really sorry but I stink!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh no-no-no you don’t understand…
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah.
 Joey:Yes sir! Yes sir I’m-I’m—(he starts to leave)
 Joey:Yeah. Oh yeah.
 Joey:I don’t wanna.
 Joey:I wanted to go to the strip club!
 Joey:Yeah all right. (Ross enters.)
 Joey:Ohh Nothing.
 Joey:I know what it did! Nothing.
 Joey:Like this. (Shrugs)
 Joey:Sure! It flushes it.
 Joey:Hey! (Sees Janice.) Ah!! (Janice screams in surprise.)
 Joey:And there it is.
 Joey:So what are you doing bringing her here?! There’s people here!
 Joey:Yeah try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. (They all look around and then back at Joey.) I’m tellin’ ya!
 Joey:Hey! What’s up?
 Joey:(to Rachel) I bet I stopped listening before you did.
 Joey:Dude you’re not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.
 Joey:Hey-hey what’s going on?
 Joey:Thanks for telling me!
 Joey:Ohhhh good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
 Joey:Nope. (To Ross) Man look at this! Ross I can’t believe you said you’d play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
 Joey:(pointing to the TV) Okay Ross look-look-look-look look right here. That’s called a scrum okay? It’s kinda like a huddle.
 Joey:Ross! (Laughs) They’re gonna kill you!
 Joey:All right come on look Ross can take care of himself! It’s not like he’s…Chandler!
 Joey:Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy (Points) and that guy (Points). And that one—Dude! They’re all huge!
 Joey:Well maybe that’s because you’re closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
 Joey:I totally don’t know what you’re talking about.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Dude if you go back out there you’re gonna be Dead Ross!
 Joey:The Red Ross! Okay.
 Joey:Yeah sure.
 Joey:Uhh look your eye’s still popping out a little I’m gonna go get some ice.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Is it the shampoo? It’s guava.
 Joey:Oh! Wait-wait! (Reaches inside the shower.) Is it my bologna sandwich?
 Joey:Oh wait-wait! (Reaches into the shower again.) Maybe it’s a pickle?!
 Joey:Hey what have you guys been up too?
 Joey:Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
 Joey:Hey that’s what all my relationships are like.
 Joey:Hey but at least you got that cool pregnant lady glow.
 Joey:Yeah what’ going on?
 Joey:Awwww!
 Joey:What-what-what is so funny?
 Joey:Now that’s a thinker.
 Joey:A little salami.
 Joey:Pastrami.
 Joey:Yeah. (He goes over to her.)
 Joey:Oh! I know how you can get him take off your bra.
 Joey:There was a seen in Footloose...
 Joey:Yeah-yeah yeah with that-that uh plumber girl…
 Joey:What? Were you like in the movie or… Anyway she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy and classy.
 Joey:Welcome to America. (They both kiss.)
 Joey:If you didn’t want to play why did you come to the party?
 Joey:Phoebe what-what are you doing?!
 Joey:All right look y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to cheat on them unless it’s with someone really hot?
 Joey:All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you’re going to do something wrong (He grabs two steaks from the freezer) do it right!
 Joey:Feel better now?
 Joey:Hey what if I said I could even things out for ya meatwise.
 Joey:Well I eat a lot of meat right?
 Joey:Well suppose until the baby’s born I laid off it. No extra animals would die you-you’d just be eating my animals.
 Joey:Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer right?
 Joey:Okay time to take off the bra. (She glares at him.)
 Joey:(trying not to be obvious) Take the bra off.
 Joey:Oooh what you got there?
 Joey:Oh-ho-ho yeah! Hey! Y’know what goes good with that?
 Joey:Ooh I was gonna say bologna but that’s much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?
 Joey:(He starts looking longingly at the sandwich.) Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?
 Joey:Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes I can have one of those right?
 Joey:(coming in from his bedroom) What is that?
 Joey:Maybe he found you flip-flop.
 Joey:Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must’ve hit something on the remote.
 Joey:No we didn’t even pay our cable bill—maybe this is how they punish us.
 Joey:Maybe we shouldn’t pay our gas bill? (Stops and thinks about what he just said.)
 Joey:(to Chandler) Why would he turn off the TV? (Chandler shrugs.)
 Joey:Yeah so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!
 Joey:Imagine a protective porn bubble if you will okay?
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Pheebs! You’re blocking the porn! Look out!
 Joey:Yeah right.
 Joey:Yeah he likes porn.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah what were you trying to get her to do?!
 Joey:You play hard to get.
 Joey:Then you go to Tokyo.
 Joey:Way to be strong man!
 Joey:Oh yeah sure that makes sense. Yeah. ‘Cause you already told her you love her and she didn’t say it back then she called you and told you that there’s another guy so yeah go to London that’ll scare her!
 Joey:Ross! Ross! If you’re going to the airport could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars? (Chandler nods his head no.)
 Joey:(pause) Nothing. No nothing.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over gives me the pizza takes the money and leaves!
 Joey:Noo! Nothing!
 Joey:I think you’re right.
 Joey:One.
 Joey:That’s kinda nice.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah!!
 Joey:Wow Pheebs! That sounds great!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Ooh-ooh Pheebs you want a strong name? How about The Hulk?
 Joey:Oh want a good name go with Joey. Joey’s your pal. Joey’s your buddy. Where is everybody? Well they’re hanging out with Joey.
 Joey:Oh well hey Joey’s loveable too! But the thing about Joey is if you need him he’ll be there.
 Joey:What do ya say? What do ya say?
 Joey:I knew I shouldn’t have mentioned it! That’s what I wanted to name my kid!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No but I’m gonna!
 Joey:Oh! Oh-oh you gotta pick Joey! I mean name one famous person named Chandler.
 Joey:Someone you didn’t make up!
 Joey:Yeah that guy really hurt us.
 Joey:All right look man I didn’t want to bring this up but Chandler is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It’s not even a name; it’s barely even a word. Okay? It’s kinda like chandelier but it’s not! All right? It’s a stupid stupid non-name!
 Joey:I’m sorry man I didn’t—I’m-I’m sorry. I’m sorry. (Goes over and comforts him.)
 Joey:So I guess it’s Joey then!
 Joey:(answering the door.) Hey how did you do that?! Come on in. (He brings them inside.)
 Joey:Dude I am sorry about what I said!
 Joey:It’s not that bad.
 Joey:So you’re just Bing?
 Joey:No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.
 Joey:See you later Gene.
 Joey:What’s up with Gene?
 Joey:Nah you’re not tall enough to be a Mark but you might make a good Barney.
 Joey:Ohh! (Realises it was all a trick to get Phoebe to name the baby Chandler.)
 Joey:Are you kidding? I love that guy! (Starts singing) Morning’s here! Morning is here—
 Joey:See this is a great apartment.
 Joey:Uhh Pheebs those are uh those are Santa pants.
 Joey:You have Knicks tickets?
 Joey:(examining the tickets) Oh my God! Those are almost right on the floor!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:You’re not stupid. You’re meaner than I thought.
 Joey:Yeah you do!
 Joey:Come on!
 Joey:Come on season tickets! Season tickets do you know what that means?
 Joey:Oh come—look when I was a kid my dad’s company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year all right? My dad never won! Of course he wasn’t in the sales division but still I never ever ever forgot that!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:We don’t make enough fun of you already?
 Joey:Oh-no don’t try and talk all normal with that thing in your ear.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:All right look Ross he’s right. Emily’s great she’s great! But this way too soon you’re only gonna scare her!
 Joey:No! You don’t want to wreck it you don’t want to go to fast!
 Joey:Wait-wait-wait-wait! (To Chandler) Come on! Come on let’s trade! The timing’s perfect I just clogged the toilet!
 Joey:Yes! Didn’t you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn’t read yours! But come on we can go to the game tonight!
 Joey:It’s the Knicks!
 Joey:Whoa!
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:Yeah the Knicks rule all!
 Joey:Done!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Ooh we could end up with nothing.
 Joey:Ooh I like that.
 Joey:Come on man you know I’d do it for you! Because you’re my best friend.
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:What’s the game?! What’s the game?!
 Joey:Uhh they’re tall.
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah! Okay. (Joey picks a card.) Phoebe you look I can’t.
 Joey:Okay. Okay. (He looks at the card.) Ace!
 Joey:What? Ace is high! Jack queen king ace!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Uh-huh not as high as…(picks a card) It worked! King!
 Joey:Why?!
 Joey:Seriously good game though. Good game. (He tries to congratulate them but they pull away.) (To Chandler) What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
 Joey:Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y’know kinda like a peace offering.
 Joey:Hey want a beer? (Hands him a beer and sits down in one of the chairs.) (Jumping up.) WHOA!!!!
 Joey:I don’t know.
 Joey:I don’t want to move again!
 Joey:That was one good minute!
 Joey:Good night.
 Joey:Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah!
 Joey:Monica and Rachel made out. (Giggles like a schoolboy and Monica glares at him.)
 Joey:Hey! (Singing) Get into gear!
 Joey:(happily) Okay!
 Joey:(joining in in his sleep) Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!
 Joey:(proudly) Oh you should here me.
 Joey:Look I told ya I’m not going to any clinic! I don’t have a problem you’re the one with the problem! You should go to a Quit being a baby and leave me alone clinic!
 Joey:Yeah they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There you’ve just had your first class!
 Joey:Ohhh yeah!
 Joey:I gotta do what I gotta do you gotta do what you gotta do you just do it.
 Joey:That’s not whipped! Whipped is wh-tcssh!
 Joey:You can’t do anything!
 Joey:This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m so tired!
 Joey:Yeah well…
 Joey:Yeah Rach I think you’re handling that really well.
 Joey:I am… (Looks in his date book.) free!
 Joey:(still looking in date book) Hey! That’s the day after I stop menstruating! (They all look at him.) This isn’t mine.
 Joey:Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:(sleepily) Yeah she is. Wow! (Falls back asleep loudly) How you doin’?
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(asleep) So why don’t you give me your number?
 Joey:(muffled by the mouth guard) Hey you guys! What’s happening?
 Joey:(muffled) Oh they gave it to me at the sleep clinic and it’s gonna help me not to snore.
 Joey:(takes out the mouth guard) I know I don’t have too! It tastes good. (Puts it back in.)
 Joey:(muffled by the mouth guard) Dude! I am trying to sleep! (Shrugs to say What’s up with that?)
 Joey:I know. Ross is getting married.
 Joey:Everybody’s doing stuff!
 Joey:(snaps his fingers) We could climb Mt. Everest!
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no I saw an ad for this video people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:We’re gonna climb Mt. Everest!
 Joey:We could get that Everest video though.
 Joey:And while we’re down at the video store you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! (Chandler’s excited.) Oh y’know what? I just remembered that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
 Joey:Yeah. Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah we are!
 Joey:Its never gonna happen.
 Joey:Don’t answer that.
 Joey:Awful! Horrible!
 Joey:She was nothing compared to you.
 Joey:Ewwwww!
 Joey:(taking apart the invitation) Hey pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding you have to cry Handkerchief? No-no I got my invitation.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Don’t worry man I get to bring a guest. We’ll show him.
 Joey:I knew that! (They all look at him) I sooo didn’t know that but you should see your faces.
 Joey:Heyyy. (They all try and hide their invitations.)
 Joey:He broke up with Julie. Well go hug her for gods sakes.
 Joey:Lookin good Mr. Cotter.
 Joey:It’s better! You can’t go to a museum in your underwear!
 Joey:I bet we could get videos of all the sites get a VCR in our hotel room... wed never even have to go outside!
 Joey:Oh-ho! I bet the British version is gooooood!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties don’t you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
 Joey:What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
 Joey:Come on Ross! Look I-I don’t have any brothers; I’ll never get to be a best man!
 Joey:(pause) I’ll never get to be a best man!
 Joey:(impatiently tapping Chandler on the shoulder) What about me?! You-you just said I could!
 Joey:I can’t believe you’re not picking me.
 Joey:Yes! (to Chandler) Shame about you man.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
 Joey:(grabs it) Thanks.
 Joey:Oh we’re having a big party tomorrow night. Later! (Starts for the door.)
 Joey:Nooo later. (Walks out the door.)
 Joey:Oh it’s Ross’s bachelor party.
 Joey:Are you bachelors?
 Joey:Are you strippers?
 Joey:Then you’re not invited. (Starts for the door again.)
 Joey:Oh-whoa what party?
 Joey:Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don’t want to do! Later! (Finally he makes his exit.)
 Joey:This is what I’ve got going for the party so far liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
 Joey:Okay now uh in terms of the invite list I’ve got you me and Chandler and I’m gonna invite Gunther ‘cause well we’ve been talking about this pretty loud.
 Joey:All right—oh! Listen I know this is your party but I’d really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
 Joey:Okay! We’ll need a six-pack of Zima.
 Joey:You got it.
 Joey:Well there’s gonna be strippers there. He didn’t say anything about no strippers.
 Joey:Oh I chose not to hear that.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Oh-whoa-wait Gunther don’t-don’t forget your shirt. (He gives Gunther his shirt and Gunther leaves.)
 Joey:Oh little party favours check it out! (It’s a shirt that reads Ross Geller Bachelor Bash 1998)
 Joey:Oh-oh! (Shows him what’s on the back Best Man Joey Tribbiani with a huge picture of him.)
 Joey:Oh hey don’t forget your shirt.
 Joey:Okay hey museum geeks party’s over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent’s basement. All right. (The museum geeks exit and Joey unlocks his door and lets the chick and the duck out.) Come on boys come on out! Here you go. All right.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. (The duck complies.) Hardly move. (The duck complies.) Be white. (The duck complies.)
 Joey:Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin’ ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married or have a birthday or a Tuesday…
 Joey:Oh unless you uh you wanna hang around.
 Joey:Yeah. I’ll let you play with my duck.
 Joey:Hey (realises he doesn’t know her name.) stripper! (He notices that the ring box is open so he picks it up sees it’s empty and starts to panic.)
 Joey:(running and banging on Chandler’s door) The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
 Joey:The ring is gone!
 Joey:Dude this isn’t funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night everything’s cool! I wake up this morning the stripper’s gone and the ring is gone!
 Joey:Of course!! (Shrugs.)
 Joey:Ugh! I don’t know what I’m going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don’t care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me if this isn’t an emergency then what is?
 Joey:Hey…
 Joey:So uh hey that uh that wedding ring huh? Man that’s nice!
 Joey:I was uh I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself I might want to get one of those…
 Joey:(laughs softly) Yeah the stripper stole it.
 Joey:Dude I screwed up you don’t have to turn me in!
 Joey:Oh yeah well I already did that! They said they’re gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
 Joey:I did that too! They wouldn’t give me her real name or her number. They said If I bothered them again they’d call the police. I said If you talk to the police you tell them I’m missing a ring!
 Joey:Look Ross I am so-so sorry. I-I-I…
 Joey:Oh that sounds like fun but we’ve got a ring to find!!
 Joey:All right okay this is great uh Chandler you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully she won’t recognise you because well why would she? Uh okay and then you buzz Ross and I. (to Ross) You be Mr. Gonzalez and I’ll be uh Mr. Wong.
 Joey:There was a ring in a box on my nightstand after you left it was gone!
 Joey:I don’t get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn’t take it and I didn’t take it; and you (Chandler) didn’t take it then who did? (The duck quacks.) Shh! We’re trying to think! (Ross and Chandler realise it at the same moment and stare at Joey who doesn’t get it. After a short pause with the duck still quacking Joey figures it out and starts pointing at the duck.)
 Joey:If anything should happen to him…
 Joey:So! Things can go wrong! You don’t know! What if he doesn’t make it?!
 Joey:Yeah but what if he doesn’t? He’s such a good duck.
 Joey:I’m so worried about him y’know?
 Joey:H-h-h-how’s the duck?
 Joey:Ohh great! Oh hey listen Ross thanks for being so cool about this.
 Joey:No it’s not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
 Joey:Yeah it is! You wouldn’t have lost the ring right? Y’know what Ross you were right from the start he (Chandler) should be your best man.
 Joey:Now don’t argue with me…
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:(starting to cry) I gotta go check something over here. (He walks away so that they can’t see him cry.)
 Joey:It’s all London baby! Here we go. (He takes a picture of a less than enthused Chandler and starts towards the girls’ apartment.)
 Joey:Yeah in my third drawer on my dresser. You don’t want to lose that.
 Joey:Ohh!! (Runs to his room.)
 Joey:Woo-hoo!!
 Joey:London baby!
 Joey:(louder) London baby!!
 Joey:Bye Pheebs!
 Joey:London baby!! (And Rachel slowly closes the door sadly.)
 Joey:Come on! Do something!
 Joey:Okay here! (Gives him the camera.) I wanna be the on camera guy. All right first stop Westminster Abbey. (Joey folds out his pop-up map of London. All of the major landmarks pop-up like in a pop-up book.)
 Joey:It’s London baby! All right the hotel’s here. (Points to the map.) Wait. No we wanna go… No. I know. (Sets the map down.) I’m gonna have to go into the map. (So Joey literally steps into the map.)
 Joey:I got it! (Picks up the map and starts walking.) Here we go.
 Joey:Shhh! (Pause) Man you made me lose it! (He goes into the map again.)
 Joey:All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down best Abbey I’ve ever seen. Hey! (Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.) Okay. What do you think of the Abbey Chandler?
 Joey:Really? To what?
 Joey:Man you are Westminster Crabby. (He starts chasing Chandler towards the Abbey.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Check this out? Huh? (Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on the front of it.) Yeah. That’s the stuff. What do you think?
 Joey:Well I like it. Here you go. (He pays for the hat.)
 Joey:Oh I embarrass you?
 Joey:Oh yeah? (Puts the hat on.) If you’re gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Oh. (Takes off the hat.) Sorry!
 Joey:Me too.
 Joey:Noo!! I’ve had the best day ever! Dude check this out!
 Joey:Sh-shh-shh! (He motions for her to watch something he has taped.)
 Joey:(on tape) Okay so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
 Joey:(on tape) Oh Chandler.
 Joey:That’s Fergie baby!!
 Joey:Well I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace right? So I’m in my map and-and…(Ross enters) Hey!
 Joey:Wait up! (They both run to the bathroom.)
 Joey:Yeah. (Pause) Hey I hope Ross didn’t think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
 Joey:(on phone) Hey Pheebs! It’s Joey!
 Joey:That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
 Joey:Kinda but I’ve just been having way too much fun.
 Joey:No I don’t think so.
 Joey:Who’s seven?
 Joey:Ahh the babies miss me?
 Joey:What? You ordered pizza without me?!
 Joey:Two pizzas?!
 Joey:Wait well where did you get it from?!
 Joey:What’s in it?
 Joey:(Looking up at the waiter)That’s not food...No I don’t no...(Taps Chandler on the shoulder.) Everythings different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can’t even remember what Phoebe looks like.
 Joey:(Pointing  at Chandler.) Your different here too. Your mean in England. (Chandler throws his hands up to his head in frustration. They walk away from each other.)
 Joey:Hey best man number two Joey Tribbiani. Now I’m not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway I love you guys. (pointing at everyone.) But not as much as I love America. (Looking at Chandler.) Could we please..go home now?
 Joey:(Putting his arm around her.) I’m not going anywhere sweetheart.
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...
 Joey:Ahh Pheebs you know you’re still my number one girl.
 Joey:Ohh great!!!
 Joey:(Confused.) But he loves Emily?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Hold on. Hold on. (Picking up a note pad and writing and reading the message aloud.) Rachel coming. Do...Something.
 Joey:Right!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Have you seen Monica?
 Joey:(With a confused look on his face.) What?
 Joey:Look we’ve got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel’s coming to tell Ross she loves him!!
 Joey:I know! That’s why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?
 Joey:(Whispering.) Pisst Monica. Alright we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I’ll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
 Joey:Okay. (They both walk off to watch for Rachel.)
 Joey:Hey Felicity.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(In a New York accent.) Fuggetaboutit. (She giggles.) How you doin?
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:(Smiling.) Ohh great!! (Putting the phone to his ear.) Hello. (He begins to escort her down the aisle.)
 Joey:No but it’s okay. She just came in and gave him a hug that it.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Ah I’m-I’m walking down the aisle...Still walking. (Mrs. Waltham takes her place.) I’m about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. (Looking at the bridesmaid.) Hey! (Talking to Phoebe.) I told her Hey. And now I’m at the front with Ross. It’s Phoebe. (He shows Ross the phone.) He looks pretty mad. Uh...I’d better go.
 Joey:Well that went well. Yeah.
 Joey:(To the gang) Hey no matter what happens with Ross and Emily we still get cake right?
 Joey:Hey what’s up? (He has solved the problem of eating the steak he’s eating it with his hands.)
 Joey:Well I figured we’re in another country so it doesn’t count.
 Joey:(approaching) Ross hey the band’s ready outside for your first dance with Emily so…
 Joey:You spit on me man! (Wipes his face.)
 Joey:Emily is kinda taking a long time huh?
 Joey:Hey dude let me in. I got a girl out here!
 Joey:No you don’t I just saw you go in there with Monica!
 Joey:Look which one of us is gonna be having sex in there me or you?
 Joey:My Giant? I love that movie!
 Joey:Can I ask you something?
 Joey:Felicity and I we’re watching My Giant and I was thinking I’m never gonna be as good an actor as that giant. Do you think I’m just wasting my life with this acting thing?
 Joey:I mean the giant is like five years younger than me y’know you think I’ll ever get there?
 Joey:Thanks man.
 Joey:But what about how much taller he is than me?
 Joey:I mean there’s no way I can make myself taller now y’know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future but Chandler what if I die an unsuccessful regular sized man?
 Joey:Hey Monica wow you’ve been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
 Joey:Had the beef-tips huh?
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:All right I’m gonna go say hi the chick and the duck.
 Joey:Why would you need to say hi to them you’ve been feeding them for four days?
 Joey:Hey its me! Im comin in!
 Joey:Ahh Im gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:You sure? Some extra crispy? Dirty rice? Beans?
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Mornin Pheebs!
 Joey:(interrupting) Was his name Angus? (Monica and Chandler laugh.)
 Joey:Oh he was this cab driver we had in London.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah-yeah and they had that beer! That uh…
 Joey:Hey Ross Bodingtons!
 Joey:That was good beer.
 Joey:Yknow Id walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
 Joey:Later! (Exits.)
 Joey:(To Chandler) I bet it was about her a little.
 Joey:Say that to him and youre golden. (She just glares at him.)
 Joey:Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:(Jumping out of his way) See ya!! (To the girls.) What the hell was that?!
 Joey:(Poking his head out.) Havin some trouble?
 Joey:Ill kick that door in if you give me a little sugar.
 Joey:(In tremendous pain) All right. Good deal.
 Joey:Uh okay Pheebs?
 Joey:Umm yknow how the other day you were talking about how you didnt get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
 Joey:All right well we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!
 Joey:Yeah all of us! All day!
 Joey:Phoebe!
 Joey:Mine!
 Joey:Nooo I said we needed a new plan.
 Joey:Which is the new plan!
 Joey:Uh Pheebs youre leaking?
 Joey:Okay uh Pheebs quick. Look! This (His video camera) is for the babies to look at someday so is-is there anything you want to say? Yknow before it all starts?
 Joey:I gotta get the before shot!
 Joey:Oh! (In an announcer type voice) And so the miracle of life begins and aaiiyyyeeee! (He grabs his side and doubles over in pain.)
 Joey:Ooh something hurts!
 Joey:Are they? I didnt know I cared that much.
 Joey:Oh my!
 Joey:Not in my head.
 Joey:(in a sexy voice) Yep! Theres always room for Jell-O…
 Joey:Oh its easy. Yeah I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh (snaps his fingers and in a sexy voice) Grandmas chicken salad…
 Joey:(entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (Hes carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay now girl baby turn away and boy babies… (Throws the paper away to reveal a copy of Playpen which is the TV version of Playboy Magazine.) Check it out huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right now lets dive right into the good stuff. (Joey opens the magazine and Ross sticks the camera in it.)
 Joey:Oh a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe theyre with them.
 Joey:Yeah I was bummed too.
 Joey:I think Saturday—(groans in pain again).
 Joey:(entering from the elevator caring gifts for the kids) Hey you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. (He doubles over in pain in front an old man in a wheel chair.) Get up! Get up! Get up! (The old man waves him away.)
 Joey:Umm well what else could it be?
 Joey:Or?
 Joey:Well maybe a little. I wish you hadnt seen me throw up.
 Joey:(interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no nothing is going up! Okay? Up up is not an option—whats a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!
 Joey:Ohh get these things out of me!
 Joey:I want the drugs Ross I want the drugs! (He starts rocking back and forth taking Ross with him.)
 Joey:Argh!
 Joey:Argh!
 Joey:Oh my God.
 Joey:Theyre so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)
 Joey:Well we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
 Joey:(to Monica and Rachel) Hes talking to London!
 Joey:Well no not yet. Hes calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
 Joey:Ross! Way to suck up to the family.
 Joey:(entering wearing a tux) Hey!
 Joey:Dont worry I had it dry-cleaned.
 Joey:Well Im doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
 Joey:A little uh good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure now thats the kind of math Joey likes to do!
 Joey:Why don’t you like PBS Pheebs?
 Joey:Im sorry Pheebs I just yknow I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
 Joey:Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
 Joey:Well yeah it was a really nice thing and all but it made you feel really good right?
 Joey:It made you feel good so that makes it selfish. Look theres no unselfish good deeds sorry.
 Joey:Well may I ask for one example?
 Joey:Thats because all people are selfish.
 Joey:Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah well sorry to burst that bubble Pheebs but selfless good deeds dont exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
 Joey:That he doesnt exist.
 Joey:(To the pledge volunteers) How ya doin? Welcome. Good to see ya!
 Joey:Thats great. But uh Im not really expecting a lot of calls.
 Joey:But Im the host!
 Joey:You dont seem to understand. See I was Dr. Drake Remoray.
 Joey:(on phone) Hey Mon!
 Joey:See there was kind of a mix up in my agents office but Im still on TV and thats good exposure.
 Joey:Oh uh okay how how about now? (He waves his hand in front of the woman next to him and you can now see his arm on TV.)
 Joey:Hello New York! (The woman bats his hand out of the way.)
 Joey:(in a bored voice) PBS telethon.
 Joey:What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?
 Joey:Now yknow the bee probably died after he stung ya.
 Joey:Hey excuse me would you mind switching with me?
 Joey:Come on man! Youve been here all day!
 Joey:(in an unenthusiastic voice) PBS Telethon.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean after what Sesame Street did to ya?
 Joey:And you dont a little good about donating the money?
 Joey:A hamster? What those things are like 10 bucks.
 Joey:Monica? What time is it?
 Joey:But its dark out.
 Joey:I guess Ill get washed up then. Watch that sunrise. (He goes into the bathroom.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Doesn’t seem like its going to work I mean…
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:So Im thinking basically we pick it up and then we flip it.
 Joey:(holding a box) Well remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well when Ross said Rachel at the wedding I figured it was gonna happen again so I hid this in here.
 Joey:You dont know how long were gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
 Joey:Hey youre back!
 Joey:How was your conference?
 Joey:Oh so your weekend was a total bust?
 Joey:Hey youre back too!
 Joey:Hey how was your chef thing?
 Joey:(sticking his head out the door) What are you guys woofing about?
 Joey:Nooooo!!! Yknow what? Now that I think about it I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!
 Joey:You want my advice?
 Joey:Youre not gonna like it.
 Joey:You got married to fast.
 Joey:I told ya.
 Joey:Man if anyone asked me to give up any of you I couldnt do it.
 Joey:Hi Rach.
 Joey:I-I-I dont know if this falls under this category but uh Ross is right back there. (Points over his shoulder.)
 Joey:Hey youre not Kip!
 Joey:Who cares? Youre Rachel! (To Chandler) Whos Kip?
 Joey:Oh that poor bastard.
 Joey:Hey Mr. Bing. That uh hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
 Joey:Cause I figured youd hooked up with some girl and shed left it there.
 Joey:Yknow I-I dont even feel like I know you anymore man! All right look Im just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say Ill believe ya. (Pause.) Were you or were you not on a gay cruise?!
 Joey:(entering) (He clears his throat to get their attention.) Hey Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.
 Joey:(shocked) Oh! Ohh! Oh!!
 Joey:Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!!
 Joey:Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
 Joey:(To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
 Joey:How?! When?!
 Joey:IN LONDON!!!
 Joey:But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
 Joey:All right! Man this is unbelievable! I mean its great but…
 Joey:Aww I dont want to see that!
 Joey:I guess Im done.
 Joey:I think Im gonna take-off.
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that not while youre living under my roof!
 Joey:Look just because I know about you two doesnt mean I like looking at it.
 Joey:Well Im sorry if Im not a middle-aged black woman! (Starts for his room.) And Im also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay look if I have to pretend I dont know about you two then you two are gonna have to pretend theres nothing to know about.
 Joey:(from the bedroom) I can hear that!
 Joey:I can still hear you!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Argh-argh!! (Catches the coat.) Ooh soft. Is this mink?
 Joey:Hey Ross youre okay with that?
 Joey:(after Ross is gone) What is he doing? What Emily thinks Rosss furniture has got Rachel coodies?
 Joey:No! Everythings gettin all messed up yknow? Emily wont let Ross see Rachel were not gonna stop seeing Rachel hence Ross stops seeing us!
 Joey:No! But yknow Im an actor Ill act cool.
 Joey:Ill take it!
 Joey:Ooh-ooh-ooh yeah! (He drapes it around his shoulders.) Enh? All right what do you think?
 Joey:Whats the matter Ross?
 Joey:Thats way uptown! Thats like three trains away! (Phoebe pinches him.) Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
 Joey:Now hes movin? Man what is Emily doing to him? (Phoebe pinches him again.) Ow!! Hes not even here!!!
 Joey:Uhh like dark hair bushy beard?
 Joey:Yeah you fogged Danny.
 Joey:Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
 Joey:Ohh. Hey remember when I ran into this thing (The shutters that close off the kitchen.) and it kinda knocked me out a little?
 Joey:Uhh are you saying that youre not entirely happy about this?
 Joey:You do have a choice!! Ross why are you listening to her?! Are you are you crazy?!
 Joey:Its not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally-(The gang enters behind Joey and Phoebe pinches him again.)-Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy right? Well he just told me that hes not entirely happy.
 Joey:We all hate Emily!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!
 Joey:I kinda feel like its my fault.
 Joey:Well Im keeping so many things to myself these days something was bound to slip out! (He glares at Chandler.)
 Joey:Look Ross I feel really bad. I mean youre going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
 Joey:Look we were way out of line we totally support you.
 Joey:Hey yknow Ross I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
 Joey:Yeah you see umm well Im an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface yknow? See what Im saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. (Makes like hes juggling.) Yknow what I mean? Its tough! Guys like me yknow you wander around youre alone…
 Joey:(thinks) Im not sure.
 Joey:RACHEL PLEASE!!! JUST HAVE DINNER WITH US!!!
 Joey:All right I-Im sorry. Im sorry. You see Rach Im an actor…
 Joey:Its almost as if he knew.
 Joey:Well uh I dont know about whos here but I can tell you for damn sure whos not here and thats Rachel!!
 Joey:I think its going okay. Looks like hes smiling.
 Joey:You can totally tell! Here look watch me. (He stands up and turns his back to them so that he is facing the window.) Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. (The camera cuts to Ross outside hanging up the phone.) Smile! (Ross turns around and sees Joey alternately smiling and frowning and just stares at him for a second and heads back inside.)
 Joey:What happened? What happened?
 Joey:No look. (Shows him the magazine.)
 Joey:I know I know but look at the knobs on her.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:Hey you can stay with us! Well take care of ya!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Ross?
 Joey:Not a problem. And listen hey! Since youre gonna be here for a while why dont—I was thinking we uh put your name on the answering machine.
 Joey:Hey all right!
 Joey:(To Chandler) Youre fake laughing too right?
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Nothing.
 Joey:(smiles) Kinda.
 Joey:Dude you shouldve gone out once and a while.
 Joey:Come on Chandler Ross is our friend. He needs us right now so why dont you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
 Joey:Sorry.
 Joey:Ahhhhhhhhhh…
 Joey:Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
 Joey:No-no no! We have to move the table into my room yeah! Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
 Joey:All right I have one question. What is the deal with this? (Imitates Rosss quiet down maneuver but does move his hands up and down he just flaps his hands as if hes waving good-bye.)
 Joey:No the quiet down thing!
 Joey:Um-hmm! Look I-I-I dont know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
 Joey:All right I guess I can hold out a little longer. Lets have a game.
 Joey:YES!!
 Joey:Um-hmm.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
 Joey:Pheebs if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places where are we gonna eat?!
 Joey:Umm yum!
 Joey:Mine! (He grabs it.)
 Joey:Oh thats mine too! (Grabs it and Ross looks at him.) Im Italian!
 Joey:But its available now! Isnt it?
 Joey:Hey lets go look at it! (They both jump up.)
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Somebody was using his head. Hey lets check out the rest of the place.
 Joey:But hey Ross this place is available now!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh its perfect!
 Joey:He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! (Pause.) You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
 Joey:Maybe maybe we did a good thing helping Ross get back on his feet!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:I dont know. Maybe pizza?
 Joey:Oh! Oh!
 Joey:Hello! (Listens.) Oh yeah! (To Chandler) Its the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. (To the apartment manager.) Ross is the greatest guy youll ever meet! Yeah hes very reliable.
 Joey:(getting up) Dude Im telling ya! Im fine! (He tries to take a step and falls flat on his face.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Youre kidding!
 Joey:But you cant stay with Phoebe Ross! Were-were roomies!
 Joey:Well we got plenty of space! There-theres still some over there (Points to where the window is but sees that there isnt any space there and points towards his door.) by-by that speaker. Please just stay!
 Joey:Definitely!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Dude stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
 Joey:I need something sweet.
 Joey:Ooh-ooh I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall weve been having.
 Joey:Yeah the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chicks skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me Im also thankful for thongs. (Note Actually I think every guy is thankful for thongs. That and spandex. J )
 Joey:I mean its not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean its amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
 Joey:Oh come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldnt be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
 Joey:Man it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I dont have any past life memories.
 Joey:Hey its not like it sounds.
 Joey:(muffled) Hello?
 Joey:Phoebe?
 Joey:Look. (He walks out of the bathroom with his head stuck in a huge turkey.)
 Joey:I know! Its stuck!!!
 Joey:I put it on to scare Chandler!
 Joey:Well then help me get it off! Plus it smells really bad in here.
 Joey:Its Joey.
 Joey:I cant! It-its stuck!
 Joey:Sorry! Sorry.
 Joey:(pointing) It worked! I scared ya I knew it! Ha-ha!
 Joey:(turning all the way around and still not facing Chandler) Yeah you are! (Starts dancing.) I scared you!
 Joey:Hey I wasnt the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say Butternut squash? And it came out Squatternut buash?
 Joey:Youre a dork.
 Joey:Yeah theyre mine.
 Joey:I dont know uhh… (Pause as he thinks about it.) Well Im Joey. Yeah Im disgusting I take my underwear off in other peoples homes.
 Joey:(reluctantly taking them) Chandler? A word.
 Joey:Thats it! Im tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! (Realizes he still has the underwear in his hand.) Ahh! (Throws them towards Chandlers room.) And tighty-whiteys! What are you 8?
 Joey:Oh hey no youre not welcome. Okay look I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! (To Monica) Yesterday Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didnt know what to say so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and (He puts his leg on the chair and pulls up his pants leg to reveal that he now has shaved legs.)
 Joey:Yeah it was! All right listen I cant…
 Joey:Oh-oh yeah-yeah I bet all the sex makes it easier!
 Joey:All right! But (To Monica) you do it with me once.
 Joey:Didnt think so.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:Whats wrong buddy?
 Joey:Im surprised you didnt go home wearing your lunch.
 Joey:So you uh still wondering?
 Joey:Youre smart. I like that.
 Joey:Oh no-no-no-no wait-wait-wait!!
 Joey:Hiya.
 Joey:Im Joey. I mean Im disgusting. I make low-budget adult films. (Points at Chandler angrily.)
 Joey:You guys promised youd be more careful! I mean come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!
 Joey:Well Im telling everyone about you! Thats the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesnt make me look like a pig!
 Joey:Yeah I like that. But no-no how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
 Joey:Well get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!
 Joey:All right. Hey but it better make me look really really good. (Starts for his room.) Oh and another thing the video camera? Nice!!
 Joey:Oh no-no-no! No-no-no-no-no-no-no!
 Joey:No! I am not a pervert! Okay? Its just… I just… Kinda…
 Joey:Thank you!
 Joey:What?!! (He turns around and stares at Chandler whos silently pleading with Joey to go along with it.) No Im not!!
 Joey:No! No! I am not a sex addict!
 Joey:No it isnt! No its not. Because you can also explain it with the truth!
 Joey:(thinking) I slept with Monica.
 Joey:Uh yes but it was we just did it once uh in London.
 Joey:Of course its true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff thats been going on?
 Joey:Ahh—oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
 Joey:No! If anyones a sex addict here its Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
 Joey:That makes sense!
 Joey:Uhh Monica?
 Joey:But sadly I could not be enticed.
 Joey:Well I think weve all learned something about whos disgusting and whos not. Eh? All right now Im going to get back to my bucket. Im only eating the skin so the chickens up for grabs. (Offers it to everyone.)
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:Why are you doing this?
 Joey:Dude you just described seven days worth of stuff. You’ve got to spread it out a little you know. Haven’t you ever been unemployed?
 Joey:Hey don’t get religious on me ok. (Ross looks a little confused.) A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here…sit down. (Ross sits down.) Ready? (Joey flips the foot rest up.) Ahh!! (He reclines the chair fully.) Ohh yeah!! Huh?!
 Joey:Ohh no no. We’re not going to just sit. (Joey sits down and hits the speed dial button on the phone.) Shhh. (It begins to ring.)
 Joey:(In a high pitched female voice) Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
 Joey:But I love you.
 Joey:And that’s Wednesday. (He reclines in his chair.) Ohh.
 Joey:So Pheebs where are you doing all your bell ringing?
 Joey:How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.
 Joey:She’s a woman!
 Joey:(Very discouraged) Okay is there anything else?
 Joey:That part was perfect for me! I cant believe I didnt get it!
 Joey:Come on Ross be realistic yknow? If I did write something what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
 Joey:Wait a second I could star in it!
 Joey:I cant write! Yknow I mean I-I-Im an actor I dont have the discipline that takes yknow? I cant do it.
 Joey:Really? Youd-youd do that for me?!
 Joey:Thanks!
 Joey:Done!
 Joey:Its not.
 Joey:(disappointed) Oh.
 Joey:Hey how do you spell suspicious?
 Joey:Because I think this character is going to be suspicious about stuff.
 Joey:Youre driving me crazy with that!
 Joey:Don’t stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
 Joey:Well you suck! But at least you suck at a mans game now.
 Joey:Chandler I cant be playing games Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if Im gonna stick to his schedule.
 Joey:(jumping up) All right! But uh listen what do you say we crank it up a notch?
 Joey:All right all we need is a little lighter fluid.
 Joey:Yeah I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.
 Joey:Uh yeah right here. (He punches his fist through the wall next to the door.)
 Joey:Yeah thats the uh game we were playing.
 Joey:Youre right youre right Ill get back to work.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(To Chandler) I didnt finish my five pages.
 Joey:Yesterdays pages did not reflect my best work.
 Joey:Dude if you think Fireballs relaxing youve obviously have never played.
 Joey:Come on look guys dont fight.
 Joey:Hey-hey guys hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? Ill go unhook the smoke detectors!
 Joey:Oh yknow the same thing happened to me one time.
 Joey:Dont you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture—I didnt have my camera!
 Joey:Yeah wow sorry Rach.
 Joey:Theyre brother and sister!!!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
 Joey:No dude Ross tore up the tickets!
 Joey:Yeah well thats fine but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh I think its really good but yknow itd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
 Joey:Okay. (Reading.) Its a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out. Ross (Points to him.)
 Joey:Oh no! No-no keep reading! The good parts coming up. Keep going.
 Joey:A handsome man enters. (Playing the part of the handsome man.) Hey! Hows it going guys? I dont know what you two were talking about but Id like to say thanks to both of you. You (Ross) you wouldnt let me give up on myself and you (Chandler) well you co-created Fireball. The end.
 Joey:No-no this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new Ultimate Fireball. (Takes out a bowling ball and a propane torch.) Ha-ha!
 Joey:(Reading the scene set up.) Okay its a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
 Joey:What?! Wait-wait-wait! The handsome man was about to enter!!
 Joey:All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!
 Joey:Whats the matter?!
 Joey:All right Ill take care of it.
 Joey:Ross! Ross! Ross listen! Who are you kissing at midnight huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
 Joey:Well you gotta kiss someone you cant kiss your sister.
 Joey:Chandler.
 Joey:Dude-dude who would you rather have kiss your sister me or Chandler?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Okay great!
 Joey:Pheebs! Pheebs! Ross wants to kiss you at midnight!
 Joey:Rach! Rach! Listen Im gonna kiss you at midnight.
 Joey:So? Who would you rather have kiss you me or Chandler?
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:So did that do anything for ya?
 Joey:All right my New Years resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
 Joey:Well yknow those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
 Joey:Really? Who-who have you taught?
 Joey:Yeah thatd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
 Joey:Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution your new thing for today?
 Joey:You all right Chandler? Is there something funny about that name?
 Joey:Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny Id bet! (Chandler is straining to keep quiet as Phoebe enters.)
 Joey:See ya! All right Pheebs I am ready for my first lesson.
 Joey:Umm okay.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! Check-check this out. (Holds up his hand in one of Phoebes chords.)
 Joey:Yeah listen so I thought I was getting better so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and…
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:Yeah! (Chandler bangs the table in frustration.)
 Joey:You look like a freak.
 Joey:Well everyone will enjoy my music as well. (Does a chord and Monica starts taking pictures of him and Phoebe. They both start to strike a pose with the excessive amount of pictures that Monica takes.)
 Joey:Yes! Yes I did.
 Joey:(thinks) (quietly) G-sharp.
 Joey:What?! I didnt touch a guitar!
 Joey:No Im not questioning it Im saying its stupid! (Notices Monica standing between them and smiling.) What?! (The camera clicks taking another picture.)
 Joey:Your other student was you!
 Joey:(looking in the Yellow Pages) Look maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper he teaches guitar and look ooh theres a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KIDS GOT A GUITAR!!!!!! (Storms out.)
 Joey:(answering phone) Hello?
 Joey:Uhh Chandlers not here.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Nice!
 Joey:Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh do you see any like powder?
 Joey:Good-good okay sprinkle some of that on your legs itll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
 Joey:Umm do you see any—oh Vaseline?
 Joey:Yeah sure spread some of that on there.
 Joey:Ross? You okay?
 Joey:Really?! Uhh what color is it?
 Joey:Well Im just—if the paste matches the pants you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she wont know the difference!
 Joey:(To Ross) Uh Rachels here so good luck man let me know how it works out. (He hangs up the phone and strands Ross in the bathroom.)
 Joey:Oh well youre timing couldnt be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
 Joey:What-what is it what is it?
 Joey:Oh no no-no-no-no! I dont want to know!
 Joey:I dont care Rach! Look I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but cant tell anyone!
 Joey:And youre not supposed to be gossiping!!
 Joey:Im not listening to you!
 Joey:Hey Pheebs?
 Joey:Look Pheebs I just I wanna apologize for for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise I wont touch a guitar until you say Im ready. (After a short pause she hands him her guitar.) You really think Im ready?
 Joey:Wow! Cool! (He takes the guitar stands up and goes to play a note. However while strumming it he knocks it out of his hands and it bounces off the table and lands on the floor. Phoebe just stares at the guitar.)
 Joey:(sitting back down) Was the chord at least right…
 Joey:Howdy partner!
 Joey:Umm?
 Joey:Oh no! (Starts that screaming thing again. Rachel stops him by pulling his fingers out of his ears.)
 Joey:Well then it wouldnt be a secret. So yeah that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
 Joey:Now? You want me to go over there now?
 Joey:Do you know something?
 Joey:I might know something.
 Joey:Whats the thing you know?
 Joey:I cant tell you what I know.
 Joey:Okay fine.
 Joey:You dont know!
 Joey:(gasps) YOU KNOW!!!!
 Joey:Yeah I know!!!!
 Joey:Too long! Oh my God Rach Ive been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen listen we cant say anything about this to anybody theyre so weird about that! Listen… (Phoebe returns and interrupts them.)
 Joey:Oh I am going to go for a walk in the rain.
 Joey:Rach I told you everything I knew last night! Look its not that big of a deal so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
 Joey:Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.
 Joey:(thinks) I dont know.
 Joey:I dont know.
 Joey:(thinks) I dont know.
 Joey:Ohh I know one thing!
 Joey:They did it right there on the couch.
 Joey:Hey Ross!
 Joey:(eyeing the flattened scone) Anybody gonna eat that?
 Joey:(entering from his room) All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Oh. Are you sure you dont want to come? Tom Hanks Meg Ryan they get mail and stuff.
 Joey:All right lets go Pheebs.
 Joey:Maybe we should check the trash chute.
 Joey:Thats right he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.
 Joey:(snaps his fingers) He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.
 Joey:He hooked up!! Tell us about her!
 Joey:All right hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross okay? Hes our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
 Joey:Phoebe! Dont put ideas in his head!
 Joey:Damnit Phoebe!!
 Joey:All right put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
 Joey:All right. Lets get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket thats over the duck and the laundry basket thats over the chicken.) And theyre off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick stopping it from moving.)
 Joey:Judge rules no violation.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
 Joey:Judge rules Nutter-Butter.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(entering) Hey Rach! Hey you mind if I read my comic books in here?
 Joey:Oh well Chandler and Monica are over there and its kinda hard to concentrate.
 Joey:Umm hi.
 Joey:Chandler if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
 Joey:Whoa dude look out! You almost crushed my hat! (He picks a hat up from the floor. Its one of those magician stovepipe hats.)
 Joey:Oh! Yeah look theres this play all right? And Im up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda yknow ultra-hip high fashion stuff.
 Joey:Yeah like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
 Joey:Great! Thanks Rach!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Are you all right?
 Joey:Pheebs! Sorry!
 Joey:Pheebs Im so sorry.
 Joey:All right then youd better show me some of that too then.
 Joey:Really? A purse?
 Joey:It looks like a womens purse.
 Joey:See look women carrying the bag. (He puts it on his shoulder and looks at himself in the mirror and likes what he sees.) But it is odd how a womens purse looks good on me a man.
 Joey:Maybe you need sex. I had sex a couple days ago.
 Joey:Well I aint gonna say no to that.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:What? Are you referring to my mans bag? At first I thought it just looked good but its practical too. Check it out! Its got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
 Joey:Yeah but sandwich time is right now. (Removes a sandwich and starts eating.)
 Joey:Why would I return it? I love this bag!
 Joey:Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? (Hes holding the fake credit cards that come with the bag.)
 Joey:All right relax look Ill pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
 Joey:U-N-I-sexy? (Smiles provocatively.)
 Joey:Hey Pheebs Im so sorry.
 Joey:Here I brought you some flowers. (He pulls them out of the bag.)
 Joey:(approaches wearing his glasses) Hey you guys check it out. Check it out. (Moves his hand towards and away from his face.) Its like its coming right at me. (Chandler helps out a little bit by pushing on Joeys arm which causes his hand to slap him in his face.)
 Joey:What did you say to him?
 Joey:(entering with bag) Hey! Im off to my audition. How do I look?
 Joey:Yknow what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And its as handy as it is becoming. Now just because you dont understand something doesnt make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey (pats the bag) comes with a bag! (Exits.)
 Joey:(reading from the script) Well you must be new here. Why dont we get a table and Ill buy you a drink.
 Joey:Yeah sure. (He takes it off and starts reading.) Well you must be new here. Maybe we should—Im sorry can I ask you something? (He stops and asks a question.)
 Joey:Well first its not a purse.
 Joey:I mean if-if youre thinking its a womans bag its not. Its a mans bag!
 Joey:All right look let me show you the catalog! (Does so.) See? Huh? Its the latest thing! Everyones got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyones carrying them!
 Joey:Noooo. No-no-no these babies sell themselves.
 Joey:Yeah but I didn’t read anything.
 Joey:Okay! All right Ill see ya. (As hes walking off stage.) (Patting the bag.) We got it! We got it!
 Joey:(dejected) Hi.
 Joey:Estelle said I didnt get it. (Sits down next to Rachel on the couch.)
 Joey:Yeah I thought so too but she said the casting people had some problems with me.
 Joey:Well to tell you the truth they uh (Pause) they had a problem with the bag!
 Joey:Yknow what? It was a stupid play anyway!
 Joey:I dont wanna give up the bag. I dont have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? (Shes avoiding his eyes.) Oh you think I should give up the bag!
 Joey:I cant believe Im hearing this!
 Joey:Hey yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Yknow you have a can we have a can and its connected by a string!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys!
 Joey:What? What?
 Joey:You mean how theyre friends and nothing more? (Glares at Rachel.)
 Joey:Yes but yknow what? It doesnt matter who knows what. Now enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
 Joey:No-no-no! No-no wait Rach you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
 Joey:I cant take any…
 Joey:Noo! I cant take any more secrets! (To Rachel) Ive got your secrets. Ive got their secrets. I got secrets of my own yknow!
 Joey:Oh yeah? Well you dont know about Hugsy my bedtime penguin pal. (Joey shies away.)
 Joey:Ugh.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Well I didnt tell them!
 Joey:Uhhh Phoebe and Joey.
 Joey:And Rachel. I wouldve told you but they made me promise not to tell!
 Joey:Im sorry! But hey its over now right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
 Joey:No! Not unless! Look this must end now!
 Joey:Im listening.
 Joey:So he likes to break stuff.
 Joey:Yeah poor cat never saw that big butt coming.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:They know you know.
 Joey:I couldnt even if I wanted too.
 Joey:(looking out the window) Hey-hey check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend!
 Joey:(entering the hall) Oh man! Arent you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!
 Joey:Ooh!
 Joey:I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh okay! Show him your bra! Hes afraid of bras! Cant work em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebes dress revealing her bra.)
 Joey:Its not my first time.
 Joey:Dude!
 Joey:All right! So thats it! Its over! Everybody knows!
 Joey:(panicking) Dude! Hes right there!
 Joey:Okay all right whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? (Ross turns and glares at him.) Hey-hey-hey I-I-Im just talking here he-hes the one doing your sister.
 Joey:(quickly) I call Godfather!
 Joey:Sure if you cared enough to call it first.
 Joey:(to her) Oh hey Katie! Everyone this is Katie.
 Joey:So are you ready to go?
 Joey:Oh sure right back there. (Points.)
 Joey:I was thinking Chinese food.
 Joey:I dont know. I mean I like her a lot and shes really nice but…
 Joey:(shyly) She keeps punching me.
 Joey:Hey its a lot harder than it looks! Okay? (Quietly) She-she-shes hurting me.
 Joey:(sets the coffee down) Yknow breadstick fangs are always funny.
 Joey:Uhh look Katie uh listen we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm look I like you. I-I really do I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someones hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
 Joey:No-no.
 Joey:Yeah big!
 Joey:Uh-oh shht! The Misses.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Thanks! Ive been working out. Hey listen is it obvious that Im wearing six sweaters?
 Joey:Well look I’m breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Yknow? I mean if she hits me when shes happy can you imagine how hard shes gonna hit me when I tell her Im taking away the Joey love?
 Joey:Hey! Hiya!
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:Uhh….
 Joey:Nah.
 Joey:What a bad idea!
 Joey:Shes right yknow.
 Joey:Hey Ross will you pass me that knife?
 Joey:Oh its okay. You dont have to be so mean about it.
 Joey:Thats not funny at all!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:What are you guys doing up?
 Joey:(thinks) Dark red.
 Joey:Aww you guys are so cute!
 Joey:All right Ill see you in the morning.
 Joey:(entering) Hey you guys!
 Joey:(To Monica) Hey. That uh that my sweatshirt?
 Joey:Well uh its just that uh yknow if-if youre gonna be wearing someones sweatshirt shouldnt it be your boyfriends--and I’m not him.
 Joey:No-no! No! I mean its gonna be all smelling like Monica!
 Joey:No! No you smell like a meadow. (Pause.) Im sorry. (Runs to the bathroom.)
 Joey:(To Phoebe) Hey! (Sees that Monicas there.) Oh.
 Joey:Yeah I didn’t know you guys were going to be here.
 Joey:(backing away) What?! Why?!
 Joey:Nothing!
 Joey:All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream (pause) but I dont want to talk about it. (Starts for his room.)
 Joey:Well it involved Monica.
 Joey:Dont worry there wasnt any sex in it or anything. I havent dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
 Joey:Well okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Yknow like you guys were doing last night. So thats it. Im in love with Monica and Ill be moving out.
 Joey:It-it doesn’t?
 Joey:That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
 Joey:In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
 Joey:(looks at her) Not really.
 Joey:No I dont think its just about just getting a girlfriend. Yknow? I mean yeah I can get a girlfriend! Yeah we could sit in the chair and do crosswords but yknow are we ever going to have yknow the closeness like-like you guys have?
 Joey:Friends first? Thats interesting.
 Joey:No never done that either.
 Joey:(in a sexy voice) How you doin?
 Joey:Oh Id love too but I got acting class. But yknow what? I guess I can blow that off (In a sexy voice) for you.
 Joey:Uh hey Rach let me ask you something. Uh I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler boy they are really tight.
 Joey:Yeah thats not such a bad situation they got going over there. Im thinking of getting me one of those.
 Joey:Well the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great…
 Joey:…is because they were friends first. Yknow? So I asked myself Who are my friends? You and Phoebe and I saw you first. So…
 Joey:Im saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
 Joey:Ill treat you real nice. (Pulls out a chair for her.)
 Joey:Wont-wont that take longer?
 Joey:Yeah. I understand. I understand. (Pause) Man I wish I saw Phoebe first!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Yeah yeah I met this woman. (Starts for his room.)
 Joey:Uhh well shes…really good in bed.
 Joey:(To Rachel) Well look hey its all your fault!
 Joey:Well because you didnt give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to yknow build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly through no fault of my own became irresistible to her! (Pause) And her roommate!
 Joey:Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!
 Joey:(entering) All right! Hey who wants pizza?!
 Joey:(taking a bite) Oh great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor?
 Joey:Uhh just a minute officer!!
 Joey:Boy that guys underwear sucks!
 Joey:I got this pair marked excess I gotta tell ya there was no room for excess anything in there.
 Joey:Thats right Ross I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday (To Monica) same as the day before.
 Joey:Nope. Op wait! There he goes.
 Joey:(waving) Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. (Notices that a woman is waving back.) Oh no-no-no I wasnt waving at you lady. (She just stares at him.) (Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa maybe I was! Hey Monica this totally hot girl in Rosss building is flirting with me.
 Joey:Yeah I-I-Im down with that. (He turns back to the woman.) Okay here goes. (Thinks.) How (Holds up his hand like an Indian) you (Points at her) a-doin? (Does a little twisting motion with both hands and ends up pointing at her he then winks. She smiles and waves again.) (To Monica) It worked! Shes waving me over. (Towards the woman.) Okay I-I-Ill be right over. Lets see shes on the third floor…
 Joey:Tell me about it huh? (Realizes that she can see Monica.) Oh no-no-no Im not with her shes just Monica! (He pantomimes that out.) Ewwuck! (He pushes Monica away and makes a disgusted face.)
 Joey:This is your place?
 Joey:But I counted youre not supposed to live here! Oh man! (Runs away.)
 Joey:Ugh!!
 Joey:I ended up at Rosss place. Oh I musta missed counted or something. (Looks out the window.) Damn! Shes not there anymore. Oh l-l-look Ross is doing his Watching TV bit. (We see Ross sitting on the couch and flipping through the channels on his remote.)
 Joey:Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
 Joey:What happened?
 Joey:You kissed him?!
 Joey:I bet that kiss isnt looking like such a big mistake now is it?
 Joey:Yeah! (Chandler makes a noise) No?
 Joey:Oh Rachel look dont say that I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. (She hugs him and Joey looks out the window.) Shes back! Hot girls back!
 Joey:No in Rosss building! (He throws Rachel onto the chair and heads to the window.) Shes back! Shes back! (Pantomimes) Okay wait there Ill be over in a second. (He counts where she is again.) Got it! (Runs out and does a little hot over a chair.)
 Joey:Damnit!! Did you move?!
 Joey:(Looking around) Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?
 Joey:Yeah. Sorry about that. (He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.) Oh hey little girl. Uhh is-is your mommy or sister or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
 Joey:Later! (He runs away down the hall and hides behind a corner to a whole other corridor.) Oh man! (Walks down the hallway in desperation.) Hot girl! Hot girl!!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys! (Sees their state of undress) What cha been doin? (Has a silly grin.)
 Joey:I dont know. But I can see through your sheet. (He looks out the window.) Yeah yeah thats her. But yknow what? Doesnt matter Im never gonna get to meet her anyway.
 Joey:Because its impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe or something.
 Joey:No. No. No. She lives on the third floor eighth apartment from the left.
 Joey:I did not know that! Thank you Monica. (Starts to leave) I cant believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
 Joey:Dahhhhh!! (Ross has a puzzled look on his face.) No! Noooo!! (Storms off.)
 Joey:Okay pick a card.
 Joey:All right now memorize it. (Pause) You got it?
 Joey:(holding up the Queen of Clubs) Is that your card? (He winks and smiles.)
 Joey:(reading the card) Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! (Ross gasps) Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! (Ross and Carol stare at him then Joey realizes what he just said.) I mean way to go Ben! (Gives Ben the thumbs up which Ben returns.) Man! Ive been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
 Joey:Im always on the swings! What am I doing wrong?!
 Joey:Luck!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa but her birthday isnt like for another month.
 Joey:Ross!! Were having a surprise party for Rachel!!
 Joey:Done.
 Joey:Theyre gonna do it together.
 Joey:What so I gotta shut it down now?
 Joey:Whoa-whoa dad? Theres a dad in the commercial?
 Joey:Whoa hey maybe Ill go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Bens father than his godfather.
 Joey:What?! Are you kidding?!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Hey! Im in theyre gonna let me audition!
 Joey:I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play so I steered clear of her…
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah! Hes done tons of commercials. Ive seen him in like Sugar Smacks Playstation and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad….
 Joey:Thats great. Listen wouldnt it be great though if I got to play Bens dad?
 Joey:I look more like him than you do! (He winks at Carol.)
 Joey:(also downtrodden) Yeah I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didnt get a callback.
 Joey:(Happily) Yeah I did!
 Joey:Well unfortunately I dont get many callbacks so…
 Joey:Who knows?
 Joey:Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Bens dad!
 Joey:Man this is gonna be kinda weird.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! (To the guys) Hey!
 Joey:Ross good Im uh glad youre here. I wanna talk to you about something.
 Joey:Well Ive been thinking about this whole commercial thing yknow me going up against Ben the two of us competing and that cant lead to anything good. So I think Im just gonna step aside. Im gonna tell them that I wont audition.
 Joey:Thats it? Youre-youre gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career were talking about here!
 Joey:I just said that so you wouldnt let Ben do it! Look Ross if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
 Joey:What? Chandler! Tell em!
 Joey:At least I care about his feelings!
 Joey:Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn’t get it?
 Joey:Oh come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
 Joey:You just give him a spoon baby!
 Joey:Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
 Joey:Yeah?! Sos yours!
 Joey:Hmmm soup! (Tries again.) Hmm soup! (Tries again with a little caveman thrown in.) Hmm soup!
 Joey:Oh yeah no problem.
 Joey:(goes over to Ben) Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya its no picnic. Theres tons of rejection. No stability. One day youre Dr. Drake Remoray the next day youre eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
 Joey:(angrily) Ross!
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Uh-oh.
 Joey:Well this is noodle soup and uh Ive been working with tomato. But thats okay no problem. No problem. Hmm noodle soup.
 Joey:Oh what did I say?
 Joey:Hows that different? (She looks at him until he gets it.) Oh! Yeah!
 Joey:Hmm noodle soup.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Hmm soup. (Pause.) I mean noodle soup. I mean soup!
 Joey:No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! (Eats another spoonful) Hmm noodle soup. Damnit! (Storms out.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah right! (Gets up for a refill to his snow cone.)
 Joey:Yeah? Well look Ross you dont have to. Okay? Its not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor cant even say Hmm noodle soup. (Nods his head in disgust.)
 Joey:What you do mean?
 Joey:Wait-whoa-whoa you lost me.
 Joey:Well youre way sounds a lot better than mine. (Thinks about it.) Yeah. Yeah! Its not that Im a bad actor…
 Joey:No its just ah I care so damn much about little Ben that uh it was more important to see him succeed.
 Joey:Thank you! So did-did he get it?
 Joey:Eh what are you gonna do?
 Joey:Okay pick a card.
 Joey:All right now memorize it. (Pause) You got it?
 Joey:(holding up the Queen of Clubs) Is that your card? (He winks and smiles.)
 Joey:(reading the card) Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! (Ross gasps) Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! (Ross and Carol stare at him then Joey realizes what he just said.) I mean way to go Ben! (Gives Ben the thumbs up which Ben returns.) Man! Ive been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
 Joey:Im always on the swings! What am I doing wrong?!
 Joey:Luck!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa but her birthday isnt like for another month.
 Joey:Ross!! Were having a surprise party for Rachel!!
 Joey:Done.
 Joey:Theyre gonna do it together.
 Joey:What so I gotta shut it down now?
 Joey:Whoa-whoa dad? Theres a dad in the commercial?
 Joey:Whoa hey maybe Ill go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Bens father than his godfather.
 Joey:What?! Are you kidding?!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Hey! Im in theyre gonna let me audition!
 Joey:I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play so I steered clear of her…
 Joey:Oh yeah yeah! Hes done tons of commercials. Ive seen him in like Sugar Smacks Playstation and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad….
 Joey:Thats great. Listen wouldnt it be great though if I got to play Bens dad?
 Joey:I look more like him than you do! (He winks at Carol.)
 Joey:(also downtrodden) Yeah I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didnt get a callback.
 Joey:(Happily) Yeah I did!
 Joey:Well unfortunately I dont get many callbacks so…
 Joey:Who knows?
 Joey:Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Bens dad!
 Joey:Man this is gonna be kinda weird.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! (To the guys) Hey!
 Joey:Ross good Im uh glad youre here. I wanna talk to you about something.
 Joey:Well Ive been thinking about this whole commercial thing yknow me going up against Ben the two of us competing and that cant lead to anything good. So I think Im just gonna step aside. Im gonna tell them that I wont audition.
 Joey:Thats it? Youre-youre gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career were talking about here!
 Joey:I just said that so you wouldnt let Ben do it! Look Ross if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
 Joey:What? Chandler! Tell em!
 Joey:At least I care about his feelings!
 Joey:Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn’t get it?
 Joey:Oh come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
 Joey:You just give him a spoon baby!
 Joey:Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
 Joey:Yeah?! Sos yours!
 Joey:Hmmm soup! (Tries again.) Hmm soup! (Tries again with a little caveman thrown in.) Hmm soup!
 Joey:Oh yeah no problem.
 Joey:(goes over to Ben) Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya its no picnic. Theres tons of rejection. No stability. One day youre Dr. Drake Remoray the next day youre eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
 Joey:(angrily) Ross!
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Uh-oh.
 Joey:Well this is noodle soup and uh Ive been working with tomato. But thats okay no problem. No problem. Hmm noodle soup.
 Joey:Oh what did I say?
 Joey:Hows that different? (She looks at him until he gets it.) Oh! Yeah!
 Joey:Hmm noodle soup.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Hmm soup. (Pause.) I mean noodle soup. I mean soup!
 Joey:No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! (Eats another spoonful) Hmm noodle soup. Damnit! (Storms out.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah right! (Gets up for a refill to his snow cone.)
 Joey:Yeah? Well look Ross you dont have to. Okay? Its not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor cant even say Hmm noodle soup. (Nods his head in disgust.)
 Joey:What you do mean?
 Joey:Wait-whoa-whoa you lost me.
 Joey:Well youre way sounds a lot better than mine. (Thinks about it.) Yeah. Yeah! Its not that Im a bad actor…
 Joey:No its just ah I care so damn much about little Ben that uh it was more important to see him succeed.
 Joey:Thank you! So did-did he get it?
 Joey:Eh what are you gonna do?
 Joey:(entering with his grandmother) Hey everybody look whos here! You remember my grandmother!
 Joey:Chandler she doesnt understand a word of English.
 Joey:Shes my biggest fan. Yeah shes the only one in the family thats believed in me.
 Joey:Yeah I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so…
 Joey:Wow Pheebs you speak Italian?
 Joey:Okay see that blind guy right there? Im gonna bash his head in later.
 Joey:Oh umm my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
 Joey:(walking past) True story! (Goes and sits down.)
 Joey:Okay heres my big scene. My big scenes here! (They have two of the cops on the street then they cut to where theyre entering an apartment.) Oh my God.
 Joey:(smiling) Okay everybody just keep smiling. Itll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
 Joey:(smiling) Oh they cut me out of the show.
 Joey:(smiling) Not likely.  Cause you see that body bag right there
 Joey:(smiling) Im in it.
 Joey:(smiling) I dont know. This little old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
 Joey:(smiling) No smile! Not that face smile! Everybody smile! (They all smile.)
 Joey:Soon soon Im gonna be on soon. There I am! (Points to the screen of course it isnt him.)
 Joey:No-no-no that-thats me thats me.
 Joey:(To Ross in the kitchen) All right its another commercial; I still havent told her!
 Joey:I know I know! What am I going to do? (Thinks) Ooh!
 Joey:(dejected) Yeah all right. (Thinks of something.) Ooh! (He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Is the show still on?
 Joey:(says hi to his grandma) Look! Oh! (Pointing out the window.) Is that the Pope?! (Chandler and his grandma turn to look and Joey slips a tape into the VCR.)
 Joey:Oh here I am heres my big scene!
 Joey:(on the tape) All right back off! I gotta gun! Im not afraid to use it!
 Joey:Thats right!
 Joey:(on the tape) Now I wanna a suitcase filled with 100000 dollars. (The duck quacks to the duck) Choo! Choo! Choo! (To the imaginary cops) Filled with $100000 in small bills and if I dont get it…(the duck quacks louder) Choo!! And if I dont get it (pause picks up the duck) Im gonna shoot this duck!
 Joey:(on the tape) Im comin out! (He opens the door and hops out pointing the gun in all directions and then runs out of view.)
 Joey:(to his grandmother) Thats uh scenes from next weeks show. Next weeks!
 Joey:Oh yeah good idea.
 Joey:Ooh Ross look! Look! (Points behind Ross.)
 Joey:Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!
 Joey:(to the rest of the gang) Somebody help me out here!
 Joey:You got to go on a ride along?!
 Joey:I want to go on a ride along!
 Joey:(returning from a deli) Okay I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!
 Joey:Oh-ho yeah!
 Joey:Yep!
 Joey:(dejected) Yeah okay. (To Chandler) Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
 Joey:Yeah okay.
 Joey:Did I say you could smell it?!
 Joey:Half the taste is in the smell! You-youre sucking up all the tastiness!
 Joey:Okay imagine the best sex youve ever had.
 Joey:Are you thinking about Monica?
 Joey:Yeah whats that like?
 Joey:Come on man! (To Gary) Listen so uh are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
 Joey:Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!
 Joey:Yeah whats up with that Serpico?
 Joey:Is everything okay?
 Joey:(To Ross) You okay man?
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Yeah I didnt know that.
 Joey:Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
 Joey:Dude! How come you took off?
 Joey:Is something wrong?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Thats what this is about! Oh my God you hate Ross!
 Joey:Of course you do! I saved him! Youre mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
 Joey:I dont know but I dont like what Im hearing!
 Joey:Ohh youre upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I…knew…you could take care of yourself. Yknow I mean Ross he need help. Hes not street like us!
 Joey:Well no not exactly! All right look I I wasnt trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was I was trying to save my sandwich.
 Joey:I know it doesnt make much sense…
 Joey:Look Chandler it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!
 Joey:I know it sounds crazy but Chandler this is (Goes and picks up the sandwich) the greatest sandwich in the world!
 Joey:No! I would never do that! You-youre like my brother!
 Joey:Yeah! In fact to prove how much you mean to me (He unwraps the sandwich and holds it out for Chandler) here.
 Joey:No eh oh-oi easy its not a hot dog!
 Joey:How good is that?
 Joey:See?
 Joey:Oh-whoa-hey dude what are you doing?!
 Joey:Yeah. With a bite! (Takes back the sandwich.) Gee-e-e-eez!
 Joey:Yeah hero sandwiches. (Points at Ross who points back.)
 Joey:Hey Ross is uh is Staten Island really an island?
 Joey:Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.
 Joey:Hey what time is it?
 Joey:Wow! You realize that weve been throwing this ball without dropping it for like an hour?
 Joey:Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didnt want to say anything cause I didnt want to jinx it.
 Joey:Oh I-I I think thats the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah my pants are a little loose!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:What the hell is that?!!
 Joey:That is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
 Joey:Its not a cat!
 Joey:Its not a cat!
 Joey:Uhh the ball thing.
 Joey:Hey Ross wouldnt it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
 Joey:Okay!
 Joey:(catches the ball) Uh-oh.
 Joey:I have to pee. And Rachels in the bathroom!
 Joey:Man I didnt think we were gonna make it!
 Joey:Maybe this should be more of a quiet game.
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:I dont know.
 Joey:Oh I dont know…. Yeah cant do it.
 Joey:Yeah we havent dropped it in… (Looks to Ross.)
 Joey:Oh dont worry its not a cat.
 Joey:Thats right baby.
 Joey:Oh yeah thats right!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa you guys its not a cat!
 Joey:I dont know who made you the boss? All right? We (Ross and him) invented this game!
 Joey:Did you get your money back?
 Joey:Oh hey here Pheebs. (He throws her the ball.)
 Joey:Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
 Joey:Uhhh mine too! Yeah.
 Joey:Me too! Me too! Me too! (Yeah he does the same thing.)
 Joey:Yeah I got too excited!
 Joey:(entering depressed) Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. (Pause then very excitedly) I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
 Joey:Its called Shutter Speed its really cool! Yeah umm I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day right? And then she disappears… But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say Wheres Betsy? Right? And she says Betsys been dead for 10 years.
 Joey:And the best part is were filming in the desert outside Vegas! (To Chandler) And you know what that means buddy!
 Joey:Road trip! Yeah we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
 Joey:All right! Thanks Pheebs!
 Joey:Oh umm not go.
 Joey:I cant decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey youve traveled a lot right?
 Joey:Okay so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
 Joey:Great! Problem solved!
 Joey:Well back to square one.
 Joey:(quickly) Yes!
 Joey:Peanut butter!
 Joey:A swimmer!
 Joey:Monica. Oh… huh I always thought it would be Rachel.
 Joey:Ascot!
 Joey:North route!
 Joey:Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees here I come!
 Joey:Hey man whats up?
 Joey:Sure what do you want to see?
 Joey:Oh I know how we can decide. Phoebe show him your game!
 Joey:I dont know. But hey I know we can decide. Okay Im gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
 Joey:What do you like better action or comedy?
 Joey:Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
 Joey:Oh Im sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.
 Joey:Hey! You ready to go?
 Joey:Man I wish Ross was coming with us! Yknow? Im gonna miss him!
 Joey:Uh no not really. Its an independent film yknow? So we dont have a real big budget. I figured Id just stay in your room.
 Joey:Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes one penny of it goes right in Joeys pocket.
 Joey:Did you not hear the plot of the movie? Shes been dead for ten years. Im gonna be a millionaire!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:You got it!
 Joey:Bye-bye!
 Joey:Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?
 Joey:See ya! (Walks out.)
 Joey:Man Im getting pretty tired. Youre might have to take over soon.
 Joey:Dont worry its out there! (Just then a horn honks and Joey quickly looks at the road.) I think I just need lunch.
 Joey:You wanna eat? (Pulls out the twenty) My treat!
 Joey:Yeah. Okay. Rosss treat! Where do you wanna eat?
 Joey:Ooh hey I know how we can decide! All right uh Im gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
 Joey:Okay uhh would you rather be too wet or too dry?
 Joey:Do you believe in ghosts yes or no?
 Joey:Is this movie gonna be my big break?
 Joey:(shocked) What?!
 Joey:Dude you said No!
 Joey:You dont think this is going to be a big break for me?
 Joey:I dont believe this!
 Joey:What are you talking about?! Im the lead in a movie!
 Joey:Yknow what? I dont need this! Okay? I dont know why youre dumping all over my big break.
 Joey:Is that why youre on this trip huh? Make me feel like a loser? Cause if it is Ill tell ya I-I-Id rather be alone.
 Joey:Not if youre gonna be like this!
 Joey:Yeah! I dont want you on the trip!
 Joey:Fine! (He slams on the brakes stopping the car on the bridge to the sound of numerous car horns.) Get out!
 Joey:Get out!!
 Joey:(on a pay phone holding a box) Not as upset as hes gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
 Joey:Lets just say theres a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! Listen this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
 Joey:Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! Youre leading man is here! Lets get to work.
 Joey:Wh-what?! Why?!
 Joey:(laughs) Youre kidding right?
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Uh hang out?! How long?
 Joey:No!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Thanks. (The grip walks away.) (Reading the card.) Congratulations on your big break.
 Joey:(on phone from Vegas) Hey Monica its Joey!
 Joey:Aw come on! Itll be years before I forget you!
 Joey:Uh well yeah-yeah Ive got all of that going on. Yeah listen uh I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldnt have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica my uh my sushis here!
 Joey:(to the family) Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin.
 Joey:Everybody smile! (The picture is taken) Okay thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesars! We hope its toga-rrific! (The family leaves.) Kill me. Kill me now.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! Listen uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can can you get it for me?
 Joey:Uh I scratched it on the ATM machine down on the corner.
 Joey:Thats it! Thanks Pheebs!
 Joey:No! (She nods no to Chandler) Because he didnt believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real!
 Joey:Uhh my stunt double. Yeah and yknow hes getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
 Joey:Uhh Pheebs I heard that. Can you put him on?
 Joey:Dont come out here!
 Joey:I got that! I forgive ya! Dont come out here!
 Joey:Well Im totally over it Chandler. Friends forever! Dont come out here!
 Joey:Uh Entertainment Tonight. [Cut to Chandler] Yeah okay so good talking to ya and dont come out here. All right. (Hangs up the phone and poses for that picture.)
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:What-what are you guys doing here? I thought I told you not to come.
 Joey:Uhh because Im shooting a scene right now. Yeah I uh I play a gladiator. Uh yknow what? Hold-hold on a second. (To no one in particular) Can we cut? Yeah my-my friends are here Im gonna take a little break.
 Joey:They uh director. Uhh her. (Points to an old woman standing behind him. Who glares at him and walks off.) All right all right its not a gladiator movie. I work here.
 Joey:Well the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money so Im working here til it starts up again if it ever does.
 Joey:Look Im sorry I didnt tell ya. (To Chandler) Im sorry man.
 Joey:Yeah what-whats going on?
 Joey:Dawson?!
 Joey:Aww there we go.
 Joey:Ooh so close.
 Joey:Whoa! Whoa! Guys! Please! Come on! Come on! This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
 Joey:Hey-hey dont look at me! I just work here! (Walks away.)
 Joey:Hey yknow in Roman times this was more than just a hat.
 Joey:Yeah sure! Sure! They would uh they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right…
 Joey:All right well Ill take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5000. Can you believe that? $5000!
 Joey:Wait a minute! Why dont I do what that guy did? Ill take this $100 and turn it into $5000! And then Ill turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
 Joey:Chandler! I dont need luck. I have thought this through!
 Joey:(to the dealer) Can I change a hundred? (He hands him his chip.)
 Joey:(betting all 100) Lets ride.
 Joey:Hit me! (He does so.) Ohh man! (Joey busts and loses all the money but when the dealer starts to collect the cards Joey notices something.) Wait! (He holds his hand next to the dealers hand.)
 Joey:Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!
 Joey:My identical hand twin!
 Joey:Whats it sound like? Its a guy with my identical hands! It was incredible! Chandler the dealers hands were exactly like me! It-it was like looking at my hands in a mirror!
 Joey:Don’t you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. Im gonna be a millionaire!
 Joey:Look I dont have it all worked out yet but its gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
 Joey:This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay how much would you pay to see this hand (Holds up his left hand) twice? Huh?
 Joey:Hey are you unsupporting me again?
 Joey:Pheebs!!
 Joey:I found my identical hand twin!
 Joey:(entering) Hey-hey-hey you made it!
 Joey:All right! Hey-hey!
 Joey:Whos your friend? Hes hot! (Ross laughs and Rachel smacks him with her purse.)
 Joey:No dont be sorry. I dont need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
 Joey:My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
 Joey:Okay. Well if thats how you feel about it fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
 Joey:(entering) Uhh hey. Wheres the other guy?
 Joey:Hes kinda tall dark hair hand looks exactly like this. (Holds up his hand.) See?
 Joey:Okay! (Walks away then turns back.) How you doin?
 Joey:Right! Okay. (Heads for the bathroom.)
 Joey:Oh-oh-oh yeah! (He grabs some towels and takes them to him.) Thats right you take good care of those babies!
 Joey:Its me Joey!
 Joey:(holds up his hand) Joey!
 Joey:Okay so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?!
 Joey:Look you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASAs gonna wanna talk to us!
 Joey:(stopping him) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Yknow we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! (Singing to the tune of This Land is Your Land) This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait thats your hand! No wait its my hand!
 Joey:(following him) But you havent even heard the chorus!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Look-look-look you guys I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
 Joey:Yeah! Im fine! Thanks! (He starts to leave but gets an idea and stops.) Hey Rach how you doin?
 Joey:Ross dont let her drink anymore! (Exits)
 Joey:(sitting down) Ahhh! (Slides his hands across the table.)
 Joey:No-no I dont really have any money. Not yet anyway… (Shakes his hands.)
 Joey:(throws down a small wad of money and as his hand twin starts to unfold it Joey once again brings attention to their special gift to the world. {Yknow looking at it now they really dont have that similar of hands. Joeys are bigger.}) Ooh-ho-ho! (The dealer stares at him and he stops.)
 Joey:Hit me! (He does so.)
 Joey:Uhh Ms. Phalange may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
 Joey:Wouldnt you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh entertainment venue?
 Joey:Me?! Oh come on man! You cant do this! Come on! (Being dragged out by the guard) Im your hand twin!!
 Joey:(entering with Phoebe) Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn’t that why you guys are here?
 Joey:Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?
 Joey:Mornin’ Pheebs. (Sits down.) Well my movie has officially been canceled.
 Joey:Nah I’m too depressed to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just fly home with you guys what time’s your flight?
 Joey:I don’t need that anymore.
 Joey:I don’t want to drive all the way back by myself I get so lonely. (Gets an idea.) Oh—ooh! How about you come with me?
 Joey:It’ll be great! We-we could talk and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
 Joey:Sure?
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Where is the waitress?! I’m starving!
 Joey:Oh here’s where I win all my money back! (Gets up and heads for the buffet table with Chandler in tow.)
 Joey:Sure! What’s up? (He grabs a plate and proceeds to load it with a huge pile of scrambled eggs. Chandler just stares at him and Joey reluctantly gives him a spoonful.)
 Joey:Oh my God! That’s huge! (Hugs him.) Wait a minute why come I wasn’t invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don’t say Ross. Do not say Ross.
 Joey:Oh! Tell her she’s not marriage material.
 Joey:Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me if she’s anything like me she’s just gonna be relieved.
 Joey:They let you get married when you’re drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!
 Joey:An annulment? Ross! I don’t think surgery’s the answer here.
 Joey:(wakes up) What?!
 Joey:All right. All right.
 Joey:Really? I don’t…
 Joey:(starts singing) I wanna rock and roll all night! (Falls asleep.)
 Joey:(to himself) Man this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! (He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.)
 Joey:Don’t you think I asked him that before he got in?!
 Joey:Ooh I’ll play! I’ll play!
 Joey:Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? (Starts singing.) Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
 Joey:Pheebs I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn’t deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So so so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
 Joey:Well thank you. So can we play 20 Questions now? I’ve got a really good one! I’ve been thinking about it since Kansas.
 Joey:Yes.
 Joey:That is incredible! You are the master!
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:I can fix it. Hold on. (He goes and gets a screwdriver from his apartment) Look out. Look out. (Pries at the door a little bit.)
 Joey:I’m not finished.
 Joey:(entering) Hey Monica!
 Joey:(To Chandler) Hey man you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)
 Joey:Oh my God! You’re pregnant!
 Joey:Wow! (Tearing up) Well uh… Hey! I’m really happy for you guys! Congratulations! (Kisses Monica on the cheek) See you later. (Starts for the door on the verge of tears as Monica stops him.)
 Joey:Yeah I gotta go! I got an acting job. (Turns towards the door pauses and turns back.) Like you’d believe that. This sucks!
 Joey:(To Monica) Okay! Look-look-look uh if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He’s a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh forgets to umm… Oh-oh he always he always umm—Oh who am I kidding! He’s the best roommate ever! (Hugs Chandler.)
 Joey:God it’s gonna so weird like when I come home and you’re not here. Y’know? No more Joey and Chan’s. No more J and C’s. You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler’s? Can’t its not there.
 Joey:Yeah but we won’t be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It’s like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie’s!!
 Joey:So Ross and Rachel got married Monica and Chandler almost got married do you think you and I should hook up?
 Joey:Really?! Well when?
 Joey:Wow.
 Joey:Great!
 Joey:Oh-oh what about Ross?
 Joey:(To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!
 Joey:Hey what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise is she cute?
 Joey:Hey Rach listen I was thinkin’ uh I’m gonna have an extra room over at my place…
 Joey:Yeah why don’t you move in with me? It’ll be great! We could stay up late watch movies and you know about Naked Thursday’s right?
 Joey:Hey! (To Chandler) Dude some guy just called for you.
 Joey:I don’t know! How about Thanks for taking the message. Jeez! (Exits.)
 Joey:Hey what’s up?
 Joey:But you’re still moving in together right? Because my ad came out today. (Shows him the paper.)
 Joey:Yeah? I just figured y’know after living with you it’d be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate y’know? Someone I can learn from someone-someone who’s different than me. And what’s more different than me; a guy who’s not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? (Points to his head.) Not just a hat rack my friend!
 Joey:(exiting from Chandler’s room with the new roommate) Everything on your application looks really good—Ohh! Just one last question umm are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
 Joey:Whoa!! Now look don’t be just blurtin’ stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
 Joey:Oh don’t listen to him he’s just some guy who really wants the apartment but I don’t think he’s gonna get it.
 Joey:That thing was a hazard! (To the potential roommate) I’m very safety conscious.
 Joey:Umm listen Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
 Joey:Yeah well maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in and before you know it you’re right where you don’t want to be! Back together!
 Joey:That’s not gonna work out! Then she’s gonna come home all weepy and you’ll be tellin’ her Oh that’s okay. You’ll find someone. And then bamn! She finds you!
 Joey:I am telling you Ross she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now is that what you want?
 Joey:Here she comes. Hold on I’m gonna make your life much easier.
 Joey:Or not. Uh Rach why don’t you just move in with me? (Rachel sighs.)
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no… It’s okay I mean I—look Rach I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday’s thing but we don’t have to do that!
 Joey:Thursday’s clearly not good for ya pick a day!
 Joey:(opening the door to The Potential Roommate) Hi!
 Joey:Come in. Thanks for comin’ back umm okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
 Joey:Okay now before I make my final decision I uh I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay so I made up a little test. Now I’m gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
 Joey:Okay! Here we go. Pillow.
 Joey:Very good! Okay. G.
 Joey:Excellent! Okay umm doggy.
 Joey:Ooh sorry! No-no-no so close though but—bye-bye! (He ushers her out the door.)
 Joey:I can’t believe she would say that too you.
 Joey:(interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
 Joey:Well I’ve just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn’t have naked chicks on it.
 Joey:Oh-ooh-ooh! Y’know what’s a good visual aide?
 Joey:Why not?!
 Joey:Hey! Any good mail?
 Joey:Ooh it’s probably a residual check hey can you open it for me I’m kinda….
 Joey:Hmm that’s weird. I don’t remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
 Joey:Let me see that!
 Joey:(reads it) Oh I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire y’know? And it wouldn’t matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
 Joey:All right well I guess I gotta go get a job. I’m gonna go see my agent.
 Joey:(mocks him in a whiney voice) …look both ways before you cross the street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey Estelle listen…
 Joey:What are you talkin’ about? I never left you! You’ve always been my agent!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Estelle you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:Bastard!
 Joey:(in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back in no time.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Nothing! Well I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before then I uh passed out and uh haven’t been able to stand up since. But um I don’t think it’s anything serious.
 Joey:No way! ‘Kay look if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.)
 Joey:Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
 Joey:Dude! Hernia operations cost like a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful that means it’s healing.
 Joey:Thank you but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don’t want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah I’m thinking I’ll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Look I’m telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here (He puts his hand down his pants like Al Bundy on Married…With Children always used to do.) it doesn’t hurt that bad.
 Joey:Sure now I’m scared.
 Joey:Yeah but I don’t wanna die!
 Joey:(in a gravely painful voice) Okay. Hey Timmy I’ve got a surprise for you.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure no problem I’ll just—hold on one second. (He turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.) (In a relaxed voice.) Hey Timmy I’ve got a surprise for you!
 Joey:So that’s why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today! (He turns looks at the bag and realizes he won’t be able to pick it up.)
 Joey:Exactly.
 Joey:Or I could just point to it! Huh? Blah blah blah Purina One point to a bag today. (She just looks at him.) I didn’t get it did I?
 Joey:Yeah okay. (Leaves)
 Joey:Hi. I’m Joey Tribbiani; I’m here to audition for (Groans) man.
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:(barely audible through the pain) Thank you.
 Joey:Yeah! And hey thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
 Joey:(to the director) Hiya!
 Joey:Hi Alex! (to the director) And uh as you can see my hands are not in my pants. (Holds them both up.)
 Joey:Take could care of your Momma son. (Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) Take could care of your Momma son. (Alex does nothing.) Come on son! Your Momma’s good people!
 Joey:Ah just one thing umm is it all right with you if I if I scream right up until you say action?
 Joey:Okay. (Starts screaming.)
 Joey:(he stops screaming at action) Take good care of your Momma son. (Again Alex does nothing.)
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big big swing. Now don’t hold back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey!
 Joey:Oh! Hey somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh to a Porsche! {Transcriber’s note Oh come on! Who would leave the keys to their Porsche behind? If I had a Porsche I’d have the keys surgically attached to my hand!} Hey Gunther these yours?
 Joey:Na-uh! (To everyone there) Hey did anybody lose their keys?
 Joey:There’s a lost and found? (Gunther sets the box up on the table.) My shoe! (Grabs it out of the box.)
 Joey:Well I didn’t realize until I got home. I wasn’t gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y’know what? I’m gonna go find that guy’s car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)
 Joey:Great! Thanks. (Exits.)
 Joey:Yeah it’s not mine.
 Joey:Yeah it’s (looks up and sees the woman) mine.
 Joey:Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh do you like leather seats?
 Joey:(checks in the window to make sure it has them) It’s got ‘em!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys!
 Joey:Hey babies! Oh I’m having the best morning. That uh that Porsche I’ve got the keys too still there!
 Joey:You should see the treatment I get when I’m with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
 Joey:The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his forehead with a baby wipe that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I figured if-if people keep seeing me just standing there they’re gonna start to think that I don’t own it. So I figured I’ll wash it. Right? Monica you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
 Joey:Yeah she tops out at 130.
 Joey:And that’s just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate.
 Joey:Sure!
 Joey:Okay take it easy.
 Joey:Really? Oh uh oh just give me five more minutes with it.
 Joey:Oh I-I uh found the keys and now I’m just polishing her up.
 Joey:Yeah but it’s my wax.
 Joey:Sure. Here. (He hands them over.) I’ll uh save your parking spot.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Yeah so did I.
 Joey:(entering wearing nothing but Porsche clothes) So the Porsche guy took his car back.
 Joey:No. No I just uh I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
 Joey:Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn’t have the car! Right?
 Joey:Oh I’ve been there. Yeah I am gonna go drive my Porsche. (Starts to leave.)
 Joey:Come on! What are you doing?! I’m in character! Would you talk to her! (Storms out.)
 Joey:Why isn’t that valet back with my Porsche?
 Joey:(to women passing him) Porsche.
 Joey:Hi! How are the Gellers?
 Joey:Hey! It’s Porsche!! (He’s right y’know.)
 Joey:Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!
 Joey:Hey! How you doin’?
 Joey:I’d love to show ya but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch lands on the car cover and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
 Joey:Right! And when is that due?
 Joey:And that’s every month?
 Joey:Ahhh.
 Joey:(looking at it) Oh my God!!
 Joey:No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity…anymore.
 Joey:No! Forget it! Okay—I mean thanks but I’m done taking money from you. All right I can take of myself. Now what’s next? Come on.
 Joey:This is how much we pay for electric?!!!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I don’t know Ross not if you’re gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
 Joey:(quietly) I’ve got Ben.
 Joey:Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.
 Joey:Oh that’s okay. Hey actually in a way it’s kinda nice. Me bringing the food of my ancestors you the food of yours!
 Joey:What are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
 Joey:Okay you’re on.
 Joey:(scores) Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That’s like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! (Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.) $500 that is a loooot of electricity! (By the way there’s nothing in the fridge.) Whoo-ho-ho! (Notices the sparseness of the fridge.) I gotta buy some food.
 Joey:You serious?
 Joey:Okay get ready to owe me!
 Joey:Okay here we go. Ready?
 Joey:This sucks man! The last night you’re here and I lose the two most important things in my life the foosball table and $500.
 Joey:Nah not my game.
 Joey:Well what’s it called?
 Joey:I don’t know how to play Cups.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:A two and a five.
 Joey:Really?!
 Joey:A four and a nine.
 Joey:No. Why?
 Joey:Damn! I am good at Cups!
 Joey:Well what did you have?
 Joey:Uh (counts the money) wow 700.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Ross and I were helping the girls pack took a little break I lost $1500 to him in Cups!
 Joey:The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card the D-Cup the Sittin’ Down Bonus! Meanwhile I didn’t even get half a cup! Nothin’!!
 Joey:And he never played before either! Y’know what I think? I think beginner’s luck very important in Cups.
 Joey:No no no more! I cannot lose another dime! I’m serious this time! In-in fact look there’s a—I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. (He rolls the big white dog over) Now I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a y’know thank you for being such a great roommate.
 Joey:It’s him not it!
 Joey:Wait a second I see what you’re trying to do here! You-you’re trying to give me money again!
 Joey:Over there! (Points to the couch) Before with the bills! You tried to give some charity I said No you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together we had some fun we gambled nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue you start with the charity thing again!
 Joey:I will be okay! Look Chandler you gotta get it out of your head that I can’t take care of myself. Okay? Look I’m not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I’m gonna miss…is you. And now the dog.
 Joey:Hey everybody! Uh Id like you to meet Janine. Shes-shes gonna be my new roommate!
 Joey:Yeah shes gonna live with me!
 Joey:I didnt know that! Well what a pretty last name!
 Joey:(shocked) From the land down under? I didnt know that either!
 Joey:Youre a dancer? She-shes a dancer!
 Joey:Oh hey let me. (Opens the door for Janine and after he closes the door behind her gasps ecstatically.)
 Joey:Of course I did.
 Joey:When can you move in?
 Joey:Ugh I cannot wait to ask her out!
 Joey:Oh God yeah.
 Joey:(happily) Okay!
 Joey:Oh Oh youre right! I dont want that. I cant date her!
 Joey:Well thats gonna be tough Mon. I mean its hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
 Joey:You a little sad about that sweetheart?
 Joey:(jumps out of the box) I Gotcha!!
 Joey:Boy it was so hard not to laugh I tell ya. Hey hey the place looks great!
 Joey:(raises his hand) I dont! No I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
 Joey:Yeah. Well so far yeah. But its tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I dont know how to get rid of it. (Gives Chandler the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
 Joey:(voice cracking) Ohhhh man
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no its-its uh you just uh uh reminded me that uh I need to do my stretches too. (Starts to stretch groans painfully)
 Joey:(jumps up and yells)
 Joey:Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didnt want you to touch me cause Im -Im all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. (Goes into the bathroom and comes back out quickly) Oh my God!
 Joey:(entering) Look what am I gonna do? Im not flirting but still Im drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! (Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they wont reach and looks around.) What the hells going on over here?!?!? (Points to Chandler) Monicas gonna kill you! Look I need your help I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute wait a minute you guys repel women all the time.
 Joey:No-no-no Ive seen it happen you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. Whats your secret?
 Joey:This is great this is great what else what else?
 Joey:Uh dont you mean for whom?
 Joey:Pizza heh its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
 Joey:All right All right lets just get this out in the open okay? Youre hot. Im lovable. Clearly theres a vibe going on between us. But were roommates and its a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
 Joey:No no no Im telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is what do we do?
 Joey:Oh!
 Joey:Oh! I see what happened. Its because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me youd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
 Joey:Oh I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
 Joey:What?!?!
 Joey:Oh dear God!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Sure neighbor come on in.
 Joey:Uh no she’s at dance class.
 Joey:Yeah but hey look don’t go through her stuff. She gets really mad.(Chandler gives him a look and walks to the door of his old room.)
 Joey:(Looking around the room.) It is???
 Joey:No.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:(With Big Eyes.) All right you’re right. I’ll talk to her.
 Joey:I’m a man.
 Joey:(Grunting) Hmm. (Monica opens the front door and comes in.)
 Joey:Or maybe it’s because you’re hanging around here at 1130 on a Wednesday. (Everybody gets up.)
 Joey:Hey. Uh can I talk to you for a second? This uh kid in this picture. Do you uh know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
 Joey:Yeah that’s what I was afraid of.. Okay uhh…Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here but some of this new stuff. It’s…too girly.
 Joey:Like this. (pointing to the picture) Pictures of cute babies we don’t know. We..we can’t have that.
 Joey:Look I don’t know this baby. I don’t know if she’s a famous artist or not. You know and I don’t want to be a jerk but you’re changing too much around here.
 Joey:Yeah but it’s too much stuff. You know like you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
 Joey:I’m sure it’s a famous watering can okay. But come on…and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
 Joey:Ohh well that’s ok then. But okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It’s up here on some hook..and…smells different.
 Joey:Yeah well it feels different.
 Joey:Alright I can make my peace with the clean dry towels…Also what is with these chips you bought?
 Joey:(Voice cracking) Well that’s like summer in a bowl.
 Joey:Hey Chandler. Come on in. We’re knitting pot holders.
 Joey:So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
 Joey:Ohh I love birds. (Monica leaves. Chandler shuts the door.)
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Hey. Hey look I am still Joey okay. Flowers they’re just you know they’re nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.
 Joey:No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.
 Joey:It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it….Oh My God I’m a women!!!
 Joey:Hey uhh I need to talk to you.
 Joey:I’m sorry but we’ve got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I uh I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place okay? That’s just the way it has to be.
 Joey:Great…Great…and thanks for being so understanding. I mean I didn’t want to make a big deal out of this you know. (She starts to collect all the girlie stuff up.) You could uh put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean if you want to.
 Joey:And uhh maybe the watering can there.
 Joey:And a couple of these little tiny boxes.
 Joey:(Smiling) Okay.
 Joey:Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin’ up eh?
 Joey:Well maybe I love ya’.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah why? What’s up?
 Joey:Ye-ye we go to yours!
 Joey:How you got three women to marry you I’ll never know.
 Joey:Oh ooh the food smells great Mon!
 Joey:Yeah hey hey Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
 Joey:Well this has been great!
 Joey:Uh some of her friends yeah.
 Joey:(frustrated) Yes all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they’re gonna be be drinkin’ and dancin and we really wanna go!
 Joey:Yeah yeah and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
 Joey:Rach you’re killin’ us here will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
 Joey:Y-sure!
 Joey:I know and only one layer of jam?! What is up with that?
 Joey:(turning to Chandler in a scolding tone) Chandler!
 Joey:(sad) Oh man! Now she’s gonna start all over! We’re never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
 Joey:Just let her serve the beef-custard thing?
 Joey:(shrugging his shoulders to go along with it) Vomiting stories are funny...
 Joey:Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?
 Joey:(frustrated) Still not hot enough!
 Joey:(to Rachel) Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine’s friends are dancers?! And that they’re going to be drinking alot!?
 Joey:Well you’re whippin’ so slow! Can’t you do it any faster?
 Joey:Oh I am!
 Joey:Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
 Joey:Okay look I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.
 Joey:Look when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing they’re all gonna’ make fun of her do you want that?
 Joey:(scolding) Dude they’re not objects.
 Joey:Just kiddin’ I’ll talk to them you distract Rach.
 Joey:Oh and (Ross begins to open the door and Joey says some gibberish word to indicate to Ross that he’s not done yet. Ross closes the door again.) Okay and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it I learned something in acting class try uh rubbing your stomach (Rubs his stomach) or uh or saying “mmm” and uh oh oh! And smiling (Smiles while pretending to stir a bowl) okay?
 Joey:Rachel there you are! Come on let’s serve that dessert already!
 Joey:(happily) Really?
 Joey:I like it.
 Joey:What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
 Joey:(pounding the table) I wanna gooooooo!
 Joey:No it isn’t I ate that.
 Joey:Nope got it and I got yours (Pointing to Jack) too.
 Joey:Hey you guys.
 Joey:I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y’know everywhere I look she’s like… (He imitates her stretching)
 Joey:I like her so much!
 Joey:I know. And she’s so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
 Joey:Totally! I would love to spend New Year’s with you.
 Joey:Did she just ask me out on a date?
 Joey:Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We’re going to a New Year’s Eve party right? So at midnight I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back great! Y’know? But if she says ‘Dude what the hell are you doing?’ I can say ‘It wasn’t me it was New Years!’
 Joey:OK listen I’ve been on sets before so let me give you a little advice alright? It’s a show but we’re just dancing OK? It’s no big deal. The important thing to remember – stay cool.
 Joey:Ross! So when is it gonna air?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:What do you mean?
 Joey:Uh-huh.
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no we came together!
 Joey:No-no hey buddy please let me dance with that girl I really like her and I think I have a shot.
 Joey:Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. (The girl starts dancing really close to him so he picks her up twirls her round and puts her against a platform) Here we go. (He walks away to find Monica and Ross doing a really out of place dance) Looking good Gellers!
 Joey:Hey! Tall guy! Hey listen I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you’re dancing with.
 Joey:Yeah yeah okay. Uh look buddy I came with that girl and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown – I’m trying to win her over so I was wondering if..
 Joey:Oh come on man you can dance with my partner she’s real uh mellow!
 Joey:Well I was hoping after tonight that maybe I could you know…
 Joey:Alright alright hey y’know fair is fair (he pretends to wash his hands) if you’re right you’re right what can I say but hey oh no! (He throws water on the guy’s pants)
 Joey:Hey now you’re the one who wet his pants. (He throws another handful on him and runs out)
 Joey:Uh take a look at the guy’s pants! I mean I know you told us to show excitement but don’t you think he went a little overboard?
 Joey:Yeah take a hike wetpants!
 Joey:No! Year! Happy No Year!
 Joey:Home sweet home huh? Nice to uh get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year’s gonna go off. I guess there’s no reason for all that Y2K panic y’know? Anyway g’night!
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Oh yoii. What was that for?
 Joey:Really? In the moment I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
 Joey:But only in the moment. So do ya wanna kiss again?
 Joey:No.
 Joey:3 2
 Joey:Uh yeah okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Listen do you guys think I have a chance with Janine?
 Joey:Well all right then I guess I shouldn’t get to excited about the fact (excitedly) that I just kissed her!
 Joey:Oh we kissed it up real nice.
 Joey:I came over here to tell you guys.
 Joey:Okay. (They kiss.)
 Joey:Okay. (They kiss.)
 Joey:Okay I’m all right okay but hey could you just leave your lips? (She kisses him on the cheek and starts to leave.)
 Joey:Have you kissed her yet? It’s awesome! I could do it forever! Y’know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
 Joey:I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
 Joey:(indignant) I was tired!
 Joey:Hey! I made that for her!
 Joey:Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
 Joey:And Chandler I can’t believe I let you pay for this one. (They hug and he whispers in his ear.) Thanks man.
 Joey:Oh but hey look at least let us bring the wine.
 Joey:Nope-op! I insist! (He hugs Chandler again and whispers to him.) You get the wine right?
 Joey:See ya tomorrow!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:What-what’s wrong with Monica and Chandler?
 Joey:Blah?!
 Joey:Uh they’re like my best friends. Are you saying we can’t hang out with them? ‘Cause that would kinda be a problem.
 Joey:I guess.
 Joey:If you want I’ll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Thanks. Thanks but uh actually it’s just gonna be me again tonight.
 Joey:Oh she’s uh-uh really sick.
 Joey:Yeah she’s been in there all day (Points to her room) uh high fever a nose problem… Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
 Joey:‘Kay!
 Joey:No-no she really is sick!
 Joey:Uh y’know starve a fever go to a play for a cold.
 Joey:Well uh she didn’t want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I’m so sorry.
 Joey:Because she uh she-she thinks that you are blah and that you Monica are too loud.
 Joey:I know! I know! Come on please-please you guys don’t-don’t be mad. I’m sure she just she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y’know? And it was our first date! Plus she’s really sick!
 Joey:I know but don’t you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
 Joey:Come on you guys come on please-please just give her another chance huh? She’ll come around I promise.
 Joey:(shouting) I can hear you!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:So uh what are you guys doing?
 Joey:Look come on you guys you said you were gonna try! All right look I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
 Joey:Ha-ha very funny—Look! I don’t know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
 Joey:That’s right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
 Joey:You don’t think I know that!
 Joey:Well this-this-this was great. Didn’t everybody have a great time?
 Joey:Oh well then good night!
 Joey:See? Eh wasn’t that fun?
 Joey:All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! (To Chandler and Monica) You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine! (They start to leave.)
 Joey:All right uh we’ve got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can’t treat them that way.
 Joey:I know! I know! And I’m going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They… They’re like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time I-I… I don’t think we can be together. It just it just can’t work. It can’t. (Starts to break up) I’m very upset.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah. (He opens the door for her and she exits into the hallway.)
 Joey:Yeah uh what am I gonna do?
 Joey:Yeah! (They head downstairs.)
 Joey:How ya doin’?
 Joey:Pretty much yeah.
 Joey:Well when it’s not right you know it.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah. I’ll be all right.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:(laughing hysterically) You’re right! That did cheer me up!
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys.
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there right?
 Joey:Let’s go watch it at your place.
 Joey:Chandler Chandler y’know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
 Joey:No that’s VH-1. I gotta tell you the music these kids listen to today . . . It’s like a lotta noise to me. I don’t know…
 Joey:I uh oh! Because uh I haven’t really paid the bill
 Joey:No Chandler. Look forget about it okay? Look I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh was she hot.
 Joey:I know! Yeah but look I can handle it. All right? Look I can listen to the radio huh? And Ross gave me this great book (holds up the Playboy magazine).
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:Not so much.
 Joey:You forget how many great songs Heart had.
 Joey:Oh you guys with this joke. I gotta say I know I cracked up but I’m not even sure I got it.
 Joey:Ah Gunther I can’t pay for this right now because I’m not working so I’ve had to cut down on some luxuries like uh payin’ for stuff.
 Joey:Uh I don’t know. Ya see it’s just see I was a regular on a soap opera y’know? And to go from that to this I just… Plus I’d have to wait on all my friends.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?
 Joey:(sheepishly) I finished my book. (Chandler and Monica slowly retreat back to bed.)
 Joey:Hey Ross listen you want anything to drink ‘cause I’m heading up there.
 Joey:Sure. (To Monica and Rachel) Coffee? ‘Cause I’m going up there.
 Joey:(to a table of strangers) You guys need anything ‘cause I’m heading up there.
 Joey:You got it.
 Joey:Just being friendly. (He gives Monica a ‘what’s wrong with you?’ look and proceeds to walk behind the counter.)
 Joey:Nah it’s okay. Right Gunther? (Winks at him as if they’re in on a secret together.)
 Joey:Okay but I don’t see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:It’s kind of embarrassing y’know. I mean I was an actor and now I’m a waiter. It’s supposed to go in the other direction.
 Joey:I mean the job’s easy and the money’s good you know? I guess I’m going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
 Joey:Okay I guess it doesn’t seem that weird.
 Joey:See now it’s weird again.
 Joey:Thanks Rach. Look you guys are just terrific. Y’know? Now how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It’s all about turnover.
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry Ross. I’ll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait I’ll toss in a free muffin.
 Joey:Hey Gunther. Can you uh can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
 Joey:Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man it’s a great part. Look check it out. I’m the lead guy’s best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. ‘I’m sorry that seat’s saved.’
 Joey:Okay maybe he’s not his best friend but …
 Joey:Oh man I could totally get that part. ‘I’m sorry that seat is taken.’
 Joey:No no I didn’t mean you. But you believed me huh?
 Joey:So you’d hire me right?
 Joey:Exactly! All right everybody listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
 Joey:Yeah it’s for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It’s a very important issue in this month’s Playboy. I’m sure you all read about it.
 Joey:Not good no. I didn’t get the part and I lost my job here so …
 Joey:Well I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So I went anyway and then he fired me.
 Joey:Yeah what are ya gonna do?
 Joey:That’s great. Thanks Rach.
 Joey:I’m not answering that.
 Joey:Okay Rach that muffin and espresso $4.50. Ross double latte $2.75. Chandler coffee and a scone $4.25. And Pheebs herbal tea $1.25. So all together that’s (pauses to figure the total) $12.75.
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Oh that’s on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:Well he’s not used to women being so forward with him; but uh I good check with him—He says it’s okay. (She hands him her card.) Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
 Joey:It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I’m getting more dates than ever!
 Joey:How about a scone on the house baby?
 Joey:Hey (in the Joey voice) how you doin’?
 Joey:(to a customer) Are you all finished here?
 Joey:Great! (Joey takes his cookie and finishes it.)
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Well if it’s free food how come you’re charging me for it?
 Joey:Well what if they came in third in a modeling contest?
 Joey:(to a woman who came in third in a modeling contest) Sorry! (He grabs her muffin away and returns it to the serving tray.)
 Joey:That’ll be $3.85.
 Joey:It’s just I can’t because my manager said I… (Gets an idea) (Starts singing) Happy birthday to you happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie…
 Joey:(still singing) …Amy! Happy birthday to you!
 Joey:Yeah not it here it isn’t.
 Joey:(singing) Happy birthday to you!
 Joey:What? No-no it’s her birthday!
 Joey:But it really…
 Joey:Damnit! (Storms off.)
 Joey:(overhearing them) Oh-ho and mine!
 Joey:(sees Rachel) Oh uh hey Rach. I uh I was just coming over here to uh… Oh wait I don’t have to lie to you you don’t live here anymore. Uh I’m eating their food. What are you doing?
 Joey:Whoa I didn’t know we could date your sister!
 Joey:I can’t believe Ross went out with Rachel’s sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
 Joey:Yeah you got 5 years left!
 Joey:You wanna make it 6?!
 Joey:(crying) You didn’t cry when Bambi’s mother died?
 Joey:Come on man there’s gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh uh oh what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
 Joey:Okay what if the puppy said Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me.
 Joey:No! It’s not okay! It’s not okay at all!! You’re dead inside!!
 Joey:(to the fan) So you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
 Joey:Oh you’re Phoebe’s fan!
 Joey:Movies?
 Joey:(laughs) I don’t think so.
 Joey:Hey Gunther don’t let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe’s a porn star!
 Joey:Uhhh yeah. Yeah. But uh I don’t think it’s the kind you’re gonna like.
 Joey:Sort of…
 Joey:(holds up the movie) Phoebe’s a porn star!
 Joey:Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
 Joey:All right well I’d better take that back.
 Joey:We can’t watch that! I mean that’s Phoebe!
 Joey:No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe’s our friend! Well I’m not gonna watch it!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(sitting at the kitchen table with his back to the TV) You sick bastards!
 Joey:Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh no not you too!
 Joey:Nice!
 Joey:That’s great but isn’t it gonna bother that people still think you’re a porn star?
 Joey:You do?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(To Ross) What is the matter with you?!
 Joey:Oh sorry I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. (To Rachel) Who-who’s Barry and Mindy?
 Joey:Ohh-oh wasn’t he cheating on you with her?
 Joey:(starts to imagine it) I can’t. I keep seeing it the good way.
 Joey:Hey imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! (Closes his eyes to do so.) Oh-hey there’s Carol again!
 Joey:So Monica still going out with Dr. Boring huh?
 Joey:(not impressed) Wow!!
 Joey:Oh dear God let me think. (Starts to sarcastically think about it.)
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Hey man look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh do you need me to give you some money?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:That’s an idea! (To Chandler) Hey if I hired an assistant would-would you take money from her?
 Joey:That’s great! That would be great! Let’s do that!
 Joey:Oh right great! Welcome aboard!
 Joey:All right! Now hey I need to use the bathroom. Since I don’t need any assistance in there take a break!
 Joey:(holding a plate of what looks like Rice Crispies Treats) I know here-here!! (Hands her the plate.)
 Joey:(shaking Rachel’s hand) Hi!
 Joey:Well it’s always nice to meet the fans.
 Joey:(turning and whispering to Monica) She’s not crazy is she?
 Joey:(To Rachel) So uh how you doin’?
 Joey:(entering) Hey there you are!
 Joey:All right here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right I got to go to work I’m delivering twins today but only one of them is mine! (Exits.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Is uh is she gonna be all right?
 Joey:Oh great. (Starts to go in.) (To Chandler) Hey! Go take off those pants they look ready!
 Joey:All right and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.
 Joey:Well that is a large piece of television equipment. (Points at a large piece of television equipment as an old man walks by.) And uh that is an old man! Hey old man!
 Joey:All righty what do you say we head back to my place?
 Joey:Why? (In Drake’s voice.) Why can’t the world stop turning just for a moment? Just for us?
 Joey:Uh yeah but uh (In Drake’s voice) I may have said those things before but I never truly meant them. Until now.
 Joey:Okay you watch too much TV.
 Joey:Thanks! (Looks at it.) Yeah there’s pulp in that. (Hands it back.)
 Joey:I thought we talked about this. I don’t like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn’t juice. All juice okay?
 Joey:Oh my God I’m sorry I’m being so rude. (Turns to Rachel.) Rachel would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
 Joey:(To Chandler) Iced tea.
 Joey:(To Rachel) Did I not just tell him?
 Joey:(To Chandler) Okay look Chandler if this (Motions back and forth indicating the arrangement.) you have got to listen! (Tugs on his ear.) (Chandler glares at him.) You’re gonna throw that juice at me aren’t ya?
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Hey Chandler look I know you’re mad but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh I just I hate pulp! Y’know? I mean y’know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
 Joey:Yeah o-o-o-o-okay anyway I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Here. (Hands him a cup.)
 Joey:Fresh squeezed orange juice with pulp! Just the way you like it.
 Joey:Oh my God! That’s great! Congratulations! What’s the story?!
 Joey:Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
 Joey:Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? ‘Cause I think I read it!
 Joey:I know. (Joey is sitting in this tall chair that is made up of balls on polls. You’ll have to see it to know what I mean.) Yeah his name is Pat.
 Joey:(climbing down from his chair) Do you uh do you—ready for a refill?
 Joey:Pretty cool huh? But if you’re thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn’t get sucked up into the mechanism well you’d be wrong.
 Joey:It’s uh right through there. (Points.)
 Joey:Yeah life’s pretty great isn’t it?
 Joey:Well with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
 Joey:Yeah you did.
 Joey:Here you go. Let me ask you a question.
 Joey:When was the last time someone told you just how beautiful you are?
 Joey:Come come here.
 Joey:(entering) Morning!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Well he actually saw you a little bit too.
 Joey:No! No! No not after seeing that.
 Joey:Wh-why?
 Joey:That’s ridiculous! I’m not a Star just a regular famous actor.
 Joey:Rachel would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me…
 Joey:Wow! Uh okay well uh… (He gets up opens a drawer and pulls out the ring.)
 Joey:Sure! As long as they don’t find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
 Joey:Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay you’ve had the chance to cheat and with me but you didn’t. And that’s what this ring stands for.
 Joey:Look do you want the ring or not?!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa! You’re not gonna use the pay phone to call work are ya?
 Joey:(not quite sure of how to answer that) Well uh look Ross I uh I think Carol’s great and I’m sure you’re a very attractive man but I….
 Joey:You?
 Joey:Wow!
 Joey:All right! So was it amazing?
 Joey:Just okay—Did you do it right?!
 Joey:Huh. But still Ross you’re worst day with two women pretty much better than any other day! Y’know what I mean?
 Joey:But you got to be with both of them right?
 Joey:Not the other one?
 Joey:Yeah you don’t want that.
 Joey:Well hey at least you got to see a lot of stuff right?
 Joey:You got a little bored?
 Joey:Yeah? What did ya have?
 Joey:Sounds good.
 Joey:(he’s just picked up their bill) Hey! So what’s with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?
 Joey:Y’know what’s more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y’know what’s even more generous than that?!!
 Joey:All right look I’m sorry you guys but it’s just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they’re really expensive y’know? I’m down to like three! Well actually two ‘cause one of ‘em I kinda blackened in some teeth—Why did I do that?! (Hits himself in the head.)
 Joey:Oh ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
 Joey:No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff remember? Let’s see uh well I don’t want to donate sperm again. (To Ross) I really prefer doing that at the home office y’know? (Ross nods his head.) Ooh-ooh maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something huh?
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Uhh do it?
 Joey:Well where was I? (Takes a sip of the coffee.)
 Joey:Takes it out of you? (Laughs.)
 Joey:Ohh hey! Why don’t you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
 Joey:And of course crotchless panties.
 Joey:You can’t make crotchless panties? You take you take a pair of scissors and you just cut…
 Joey:(to the receptionist) Hi uh I’m Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I’d like to donate some fluids.
 Joey:Oh that’s too bad. I’ve kinda been saving up. (She just looks at him in horror.) Uh are you sure there’s no studies I can participate in?
 Joey:Thanks. (Starts to read it.) Well but this one starts now. (Points to one.)
 Joey:But it’s $2000.
 Joey:Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.
 Joey:(in his head) 2000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me? (The camera widens its shot to reveal a room full of Joey look-a-likes. Joey looks at the guy next to him and then back at his script.)
 Joey:(entering) No! No! No! No! No! How you doin’?! How you doin’—Damnit Carl! Go wait in the hall! (Goes into the hall.)
 Joey:Look I got to apologize on the behalf of Carl.
 Joey:Oh did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
 Joey:Okay I know it sounds crazy but I think it might work. Y’know? The only problem is Carl’s acting is… (Does the international hand symbol for so-so.)
 Joey:Yeah he’s the reason I didn’t get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers but he messed it up.
 Joey:(to Carl) Pizza!! We like Pizza!! Get out!!! (Carl does so.)
 Joey:All right Carl we’re next. Now remember what is not gonna be?
 Joey:That’s right! And what are you not gonna do?
 Joey:(gets very angry) Damnit Carl! (Carl goes to say something more and Joey silences him with a grunt.)
 Joey:That’s us.
 Joey:That’s right $2000.
 Joey:Damnit Carl!
 Joey:Oh hey do you still have their final exams?
 Joey:Oh ‘cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom there’s your admirer. (Ross is stunned.)
 Joey:Oh well think of it like this when you’re 90…
 Joey:No that’s not what I was going to say at all. No what I was going to say is when you’re 90 you’ll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
 Joey:Hey Chandler! Y’know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
 Joey:Oh well listen anyway she’s directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!
 Joey:No-no-no please-please Chandler I-I-I would owe you so much!
 Joey:Hey-hey dude why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?
 Joey:All right! Thanks! You’re the best! Now listen the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
 Joey:(angrily) Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this the third day. All right? Monday one day. Tuesday two day. Wednesday when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:The part I want to audition for is a fireman this is so meant to be!
 Joey:(to the fireman) Hey buddy do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday?
 Joey:Oh how bad is it?
 Joey:Chandler is that… (Mimes someone using a movie camera and Chandler nods yes.)
 Joey:Hey-hey listen… (Chandler waves him away.)
 Joey:When you’re off the phone do you wanna get a pizza?
 Joey:Hey listen so when’s-when’s my audition? I mean I know it’s Thursday but what time?
 Joey:Ah-ha!
 Joey:Hey you wanna do Joey a favor maybe you go out with Joey. (He turns around to see Chandler glaring at him.)
 Joey:This right here is where I keep the pizza. (He points to the chair.) And uh that’s where the napkin is. (Points to the floor next to the chair.)
 Joey:I know! (Shrugs his shoulders.)
 Joey:This is where I keep the pizza. (It’s the same location as before.) And—Hey! Where did the napkin go?! (The napkin is not in it’s spot.)
 Joey:(in a funny voice) Yeah so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair straightener that started the fire. (Rachel prompts him on what to say next.) No-no it was the candles. It’s very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact one of the first things they teach you in fire school is… (Phoebe suddenly enters.) Uhh… Uhh… Okay. Well I have to go now. (Phoebe leaves.)
 Joey:Well Ross it seems pretty clear. I mean what’s more important? What people think or how you feel huh? Ross you gotta follow your heart.
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey! So how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
 Joey:You couldn’t do it?!
 Joey:Ah whatever!
 Joey:No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.
 Joey:Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!
 Joey:Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
 Joey:I know.
 Joey:All right don’t waste it I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
 Joey:Hey here you go. (Hands her another one.)
 Joey:Oh very funny. I don’t know if you remember but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. (Chandler doesn’t say anything until Joey figures it out.) You got me the audition?! Let’s hug it up! (They hug.)
 Joey:That’s right all the ladies want to stay at Joey’s.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So?
 Joey:Wh? Monday one day. Tuesday two day. Wednesday when huh what? Thurs—(He gasps in horror.) Oh! (Runs out and Chandler just shakes his head. After a second Joey runs back in to grab a piece of pizza and runs back out.)
 Joey:Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! (He grabs a screwdriver and starts to attack the compressor only he causes a small short circuit and shocks himself.) Ah-ah!! Damn fridge!
 Joey:Great! Roomie!
 Joey:Yeah! Well now that you brought it up our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
 Joey:Look Rach my parents bought this fridge just after I was born okay? Now I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya’?
 Joey:All right now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time I’ll take a check for the other hundred.
 Joey:Of course I’m jokin’! I don’t take checks.
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry. Thank you Chandler.
 Joey:Ooh! So close.
 Joey:Hey-hey come on you guys give him a break. Ross seriously how’s it going with her?
 Joey:Huh.
 Joey:The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts ice cream limes—Hey what was in that brown jar?
 Joey:Not anymore. So anyway how do you want to pay me?
 Joey:No! No! No! For my new fridge—our new fridge!
 Joey:So what? Look suppose we were a divorced couple.
 Joey:And I got custody of the kid right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.
 Joey:(pause) Give me $400!
 Joey:Or! You can just y’know… (He walks up close to whisper in Ross’s ear and when he gets there he pushes Ross into the fridge.)
 Joey:What? What the hell am I doing? You just broke my fridge!
 Joey:Oh-ho-ho you think I don’t know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! (He opens the door and feels inside.) Well what do you know! Broken! That’ll be $400!
 Joey:(pause) You pushed him!
 Joey:All right. Chandler do you remember how I told you about our fridge?
 Joey:I still haven’t gotten a check for your half yet.
 Joey:I’m not talking to you! You broke my fridge!
 Joey:(entering) Pheebs! There you are! Okay you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
 Joey:Really?!
 Joey:Call it even?
 Joey:Man she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
 Joey:Sure! I was there! Spring Break ’81! Woo-hoo!
 Joey:So what? I drove down sold T-shirts had a blast. And y’know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.
 Joey:Ahh to be 13 again.
 Joey:The reactor’s gonna blow in three seconds we’re never gonna make it!
 Joey:No! I won’t leave you!
 Joey:No you’re not! Not to me!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Yeah you’re great! Okay let’s take it from…
 Joey:Yeah I thought I was pretty good too.
 Joey:Y’know what? I think that’s enough for now. Yeah. I don’t want to be over rehearsed.
 Joey:Oh it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or Mac. Yeah I’m a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He’s a he’s a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or C.H.E.E.S.E.
 Joey:That’s the title! Yeah! Y’know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
 Joey:Well don’t get your hopes up because probably not gonna happen.
 Joey:I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don’t know if I’m good enough.
 Joey:You really think so?
 Joey: Yeah and oh shes really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras and smell-the-fart acting.
 Joey: Its like you got so many lines to learn so fast that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while youre thinkin of it you take this big pause where you look all intense you know like this. (Does this intense look where it looks like hes smelling a fart.)
 Joey:(theres a gunshot on TV) Theres my scene theres my scene. [Joey on tv] Mrs. Wallace Im Dr. Drake Ramoray your sisters neurosurgeon.  Im afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a... (Does the smell-the-fart look.)
 Joey:(on stage in an Austrian accent) Vell Eva veve done some excellent vork here and I vould have to say your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)
 Joey: I play Al Pacinos butt. All right? He goes into the shower and then- Im his butt.
 Joey: Cmon you guys. This is a real movie and Al Pacinos in it and thats big!
 Joey:Okay okay fine! Make jokes I dont care! This is a big break for me!
 Joey:All right well I’m outta here. Wish me luck.
 Joey:Yeah whatever. (Exits.)
 Joey:(entering dejectedly) Hey.
 Joey:Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn’t even be an actor!
 Joey:Yeah did I fool ya?
 Joey:Oh it went amazingly well!
 Joey:Yeah-yeah it’s down to me and two other guys.
 Joey:And I know both of them they’re really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who’s always getting chased by those big flowers…
 Joey:I’m just so nervous! Y’know? The callback isn’t until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
 Joey:There’s just so much pressure. I mean no offense but what you guys do is very different. I don’t know if you’d understand.
 Joey:I want this part so much! Y’know? If I don’t get this part I’m never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!—No I didn’t say that! That’s a lie.
 Joey:Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
 Joey:(on phone) Hello? (Listens) What are you talking about? The audition’s not ‘til 500! (Chandler suddenly remembers and looks at the unfinished message then tries to sneak over and finish it as Joey listens.) Well nobody told me! (Listens) Who’d you talk to? (Listens and turns around to see Chandler trying to finish the message.) Nevermind! (Hangs up.)
 Joey:The allergy guy got the part! Thanks!
 Joey:How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could’ve turned my whole career around!
 Joey:Hey you don’t even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
 Joey: And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
 Joey: What?!! That’s even worse!!
 Joey: I don’t know! But it’s the same!
 Joey: Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
 Joey:Name one!
 Joey:(getting out) Awww man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!
 Joey: Well this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!
 Joey: I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh man if I ever run into that guy again do you know what I’m gonna do?
 Joey:No way!  Ive been going to the guy for 12 years.
 Joey:Thats how they do pants!  Ross will you tell him? Isnt that how they measure pants?
 Joey:I said name one!
 Joey:Okay buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes Im wearing everything you own.
 Joey:Look at me! Im Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasnt going commando...
 Joey:Yeah. Whew its hot with all of this stuff on. I ah I better not do any I dont know lunges. (starts doing lunges)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:What message?
 Joey:What?! It’s 6 o’clock!
 Joey:I can’t believe this Chandler!
 Joey:Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!
 Joey:Oh well I’m uh…
 Joey:Oh wow! Okay man I’m sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.
 Joey:(shocked) That’s mean! You really had me going there!
 Joey:Yeah you’re right. Okay look listen let’s talk about what a huge star I’m gonna be!
 Joey:You hug me!
 Joey:Hey do we do this too much?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Come on C.H.E.E.S.E. I’m not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
 Joey:Wow! (Back to reading the scene.) Well then I’ll just have to carry you.
 Joey:Ross you don’t have to yell.
 Joey:Y’know what? I think that’s enough for today. Thanks for your help! (He grabs their scripts and heads for his room.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey guys!
 Joey:Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I’ve dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
 Joey:But I got to act with a robot Pheebs and-and I don’t know anything about technology! I can’t even use Chandler’s computer except to find porn! And-and that’s only ‘cause it’s right there when you turn it on!
 Joey:Wow! Huh? (Picks up the phone) Mac Macaveli Private Investigator!
 Joey:Okay. Hey uh when do I get to meet the robot?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh wow! He’s so lifelike! (Starts touching the guy’s cheeks) Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy’s ears.
 Joey:(slaps Wayne on his cheek) How do you do there Wayne? (Backs away.)
 Joey:Okay. Sorry about that…(Mimics that cheek thing he just did.) Uh so where’s C.H.E.E.S.E.?
 Joey:(laughs) This is like the temporary robot right?
 Joey:Well I-I just I just it was going to be like a really cool robot y’know? Like the terminator or uh when I first saw you.
 Joey:I’m sorry it just—I don’t know it doesn’t really look like it can do anything.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Pretty great! Except I did get a little attitude from the robot.
 Joey:Anyway it wasn’t the robot it was the guy who controls him. Yeah he doesn’t like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
 Joey:I may have to I hate to do it but I’m the star! Y’know? There’s a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. (His cell phone rings) Excuse me. (Answers it on phone) Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:Wow!
 Joey:I’m the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
 Joey:Apparently there’s like a million guys out there that can play Mac and there’s only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn’t know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
 Joey:Thanks but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.
 Joey:That’s not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I’m not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. (Starts to leave but stops and turns to Phoebe.) Well actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs. (Exits.)
 Joey:Morning! Hey how’s my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?! (Pats C.H.E.E.S.E. on the head.)
 Joey:Okay! (He yanks his hand away.) All right. Umm all right Wayne level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean I love-I love this little guy! (He grabs C.H.E.E.S.E.’s arm and pulls it off at the elbow.) Ah-ah!! (Wayne is shocked.) Okay that’s why you didn’t want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? (Hands Wayne the arm and he goes to fix it. Meanwhile Joey starts to berate himself.) Stupid! I can’t believe it! God! (A very beautiful woman walks by.) (To her) Hey how you doin’? (He and her go over to talk and Wayne looks on with envy.)
 Joey:I can’t believe I’m going to lose this job!
 Joey:Yeah! Help me get this mini-fridge past the security guard.
 Joey:Yeah? Well I don’t want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh Chandler Wayne. Wayne Chandler. (They shake hands.)
 Joey:(incredulous) Why should I help you?!
 Joey:(happily) What do you need?
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:What are you in love with her or something?
 Joey:Oh wow Wayne it’s not really something you can teach y’know? It’s pretty much something you’re born with if you—(Off Chandler’s look)—You-you can teach it! I’ll show you right how to do it.
 Joey:Well it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.
 Joey:You got it! And the rabbi’s beard 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Pauses as he waits for C.H.E.E.S.E.’s next line.) It’s your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Suddenly C.H.E.E.S.E. goes crazy and starts flinging it’s arms and advancing on Joey behind the desk.) Wayne! Wayne!!
 Joey:(nodding knowingly) Now you’re thinking you gotta sleep with him.
 Joey:Me too.
 Joey:Oh man! (Hits Chandler)
 Joey:Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
 Joey:I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up about something… Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he’s just laughing at me. Look at him that smug Belushi bastard I’ll…
 Joey:Hey! So I’m back.
 Joey:Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! (The dry cleaner doesn’t remember) Okay maybe this will jog your memory huh? (Holds his picture up in front of his face.) Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway I’m ready to go back up on the wall I’m the star of a new TV show.
 Joey:Oh well it’s not on TV yet.
 Joey:Okay fine I will bring you a tape huh? (Walks away)
 Joey:(entering) Hey! So did you watch the tape of my show?
 Joey:All right let’s get me back up there! (Holds out his picture.)
 Joey:What—But you saw the show!
 Joey:Dry cleaners?
 Joey:Okay! Okay look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!
 Joey:Okay well that may be true. But in-in okay Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that’s offensive to Russians.
 Joey:Oh you should it’s great.
 Joey:Uh yeah where-where’s the guy who decides who’s pictures go up on the wall?
 Joey:Oh you’re kidding me! All-all right well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I’m an actor; I’m kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
 Joey:Oh really? Well maybe you and I go out for drinks? (Pause) You’re the other one right? (She thinks about it for a second and nods yes.)
 Joey:I didn’t do that! Who would’ve done that?!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa I-I—Hey! I did not go out with your wife! (The same woman from before enters.) Okay? I went out with her! (Points at her.)
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hey Gunther.
 Joey:Oh uh well I just came in for a cup of coffee to go.
 Joey:No! No I quit a long time ago. (Pause) Did I forget to you that one? I’m sorry.
 Joey:Great! (Takes his coffee and leaves.)
 Joey:Hey. (Heads straight for the fridge.)
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry. You wanna bite? (Holds his piece out for him.)
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh we’re supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
 Joey:Oh wow that’s a great idea! And I still have his credit card.
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho I got this one. Here you go. (Hands Gunther Chandler’s card.) Y’know I gotta tell ya sometimes I just—I don’t get Chandler. Y’know me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don’t get all upset.
 Joey:All the time!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-hey-hey! (Motions to Chandler What’s going on?) Hi Paul is it? (Paul nods yes and still hugging Joey.)
 Joey:Yes it’s in my… In…in my pocket. (Paul hasn’t dropped him yet.) (Chandler starts to reach for his front pocket.) My back pocket! My back pocket!
 Joey:Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.
 Joey:Come on! It’ll be fun! Me you and Ross and… Paul probably…
 Joey:No! He blew us off!
 Joey:I know!
 Joey:Can I tell you something? Me too.
 Joey:Ooooh! Freeze him out.
 Joey:I like it!
 Joey:From now on it’s gonna be Joey and Ross best friends. (They shake hands.) Okay! We’re gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.
 Joey:(To Ross) I think we gotta end the freeze out.
 Joey:Oh my God!!
 Joey:And-and-and-and-and-and and we’re gonna be friends again!
 Joey:Oh it’s water under the bridge forget it!
 Joey:I think I’m gonna cry!
 Joey:(holding an empty tissue box) Where’s all the tissues?! (Throws the box down in disgust.)
 Joey:Okay listen how are you gonna ask her?
 Joey:That sounds perfect!
 Joey:You’re gonna mess it up let me do it.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Hey Rach!
 Joey:Where are you going?
 Joey:Hey y’know what? I’ll come too. I’m making money now; it’s about time I give something back.
 Joey:Okay. Have a benefit.
 Joey:That’s not what she said last night. (Ross glares at him.)
 Joey:It’s the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!
 Joey:(behind them) Oh!! Shrimp toast! (Walks right past the little group on his way for the shrimp toast.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I won! That was my guess!
 Joey:I guessed 20000!
 Joey:What?! I don’t have 20000!
 Joey:I didn’t know it was an auction!
 Joey:I figured take a guess help a charity free boat!
 Joey:I don’t know! Charity?
 Joey:Oh hi!
 Joey:Just out of curiosity how-how much is that boat worth?
 Joey:(To Rachel) Hey I was pretty close. (She just glares at him.) Uhh so bad news. Umm I can’t buy the boat I don’t have any money.
 Joey:So uh listen I think I’m gonna take off now. (Starts to get up.)
 Joey:Well what am I gonna do Rach?! I don’t have that kind of money!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Look I don’t know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y’know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
 Joey:Rach! Rachel! Okay the next highest bidder is at table one.
 Joey:(To Phoebe) Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four.
 Joey:Uhh excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table?
 Joey:Ahh yes. (Pushes Rachel in front of himself so that she could do the talking.)
 Joey:You-you have to pay that! It’s not just a guess.
 Joey:Are you kidding me?! She’s gonna this boat!
 Joey:Aw-awww!
 Joey:Oooooh…
 Joey:No way! It’s mine!!
 Joey:All that stuff you just said? I want that!
 Joey:Who cares?! I-I’ll make payments whatever it takes I want the Mr. Bowmont!!
 Joey:Oh my God you’re back!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:What?! Noooo… (Phoebe gasps.)
 Joey:We didn’t ruin it!
 Joey:Glove salesman!
 Joey:Hey being you is finally gonna pay off! (They give each other fives.)
 Joey:That guy’s still doing that?!
 Joey:Yeah! And also a little like a French guy. (They both squint at each other.) I never noticed that before.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(laughs) Yeah Big Brother.
 Joey:(all excited) The Mr. Bowmont’s here!!! (Jumps over the back off the couch and runs out into the street.)
 Joey:Hey uh have you guys scene Chandler?
 Joey:Hey Monica!
 Joey:This is for my boat pretty cool huh?
 Joey:Whoa-whoa what’s the matter?! Talk to the captain!
 Joey:Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
 Joey:Well you know Chandler.
 Joey:Maybe you changed?
 Joey:Maybe that’s the problem.
 Joey:Chandler is a complex fellow one who is unlikely to take a wife.
 Joey:I don’t know! (All excited) I haven’t totally decided how to talk on my boat yet.
 Joey:Monica face it Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
 Joey:There are?
 Joey:R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! (Monica nods yes.) And-and Chandler’s tellin’ ya how much he hates marriage?!
 Joey:Chandler loves marriage!!
 Joey:You got that from what I said?!
 Joey:Where the hell have you been?!
 Joey:Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah I’ve been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these (lifts a leg) damn boat shoes wouldn’t keep flying off!
 Joey:I know! They suck!!
 Joey:I know!
 Joey:Look Chandler I don’t think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Dude-dude-dude!
 Joey:Let me know about that coconut phone it might great for the boat.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Phoebe! We’re both (points at Ross and himself) your backup?!
 Joey:No we weren’t!
 Joey:Pick me!!
 Joey:This is crazy! Hey look I wanna switch to Rachel!
 Joey:Okay that’s fair.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Dude!
 Joey:She’s gone.
 Joey:She’s gone. She had a bag and she left.
 Joey:She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things and that and that she needed time to think.
 Joey:I-I did! I told her everything Chandler! But she wouldn’t believe me.
 Joey:To her parent’s I think and she said you shouldn’t call her. But if I were you I would.
 Joey:I am so sorry man.
 Joey:(yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:(grabbing the candy bar) Yeah I’ll take that.
 Joey:Yeah she’s been out there for twenty minutes I’m surprised you didn’t hear her on the way over.
 Joey:But I-I-I can’t stay too long I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I’m supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. (Everyone stops in their tracks upon hearing this.) What?
 Joey:You guys don’t think I look 19?
 Joey:(To Phoebe) Hey is uh the rest of my candy bar around here?
 Joey:I was afraid of that.
 Joey:‘Sup? ‘Sup dude?
 Joey:So you’re playing a little Playstation huh? That’s whack! Playstation is whack! ‘Sup with the whack Playstation ‘sup?! Huh? Come on am I 19 or what?!
 Joey:Come on man really how old?!
 Joey:Wow thanks! (He goes into his bedroom and closes the door.)
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:When? Today? Some not a lot.
 Joey:Don’t worry about that man that happens.
 Joey:Yeah! Once.
 Joey:I did it anyway.
 Joey:Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:You guys kissed! Oh my—this is huge!
 Joey:Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica listen-listen listen listen would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
 Joey:You got it. Okay. Now I can pass for 19 right?!
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Seriously?
 Joey:(gasps) I’m 30!
 Joey:(realizes) Aww crap!
 Joey:Psss that is whack!
 Joey:Yeah! Well I think we’ll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like You look 19 and then they just take it away like-like No you don’t.
 Joey:Wouldn’t she?
 Joey:Would she? (He smells something and gasps as he realizes what it is.) You ate my candy bar!
 Joey:They break your heart don’t they?
 Joey:Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding well you sing at their wedding!
 Joey:What?! What’s wrong with my eyes.
 Joey:And that’ll get rid of my wisdom?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Who wants French toast?
 Joey:Good me too. (Tosses him the loaf.) Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.
 Joey:(sitting up from the couch) Hey Mon do you have another pillow? (Holds up one.) Y’know something a little snugglyer?
 Joey:Well the duck…
 Joey:Uh well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
 Joey:(sitting up again) Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh I’m gonna get cranky!
 Joey:Yes it is perfectly good and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
 Joey:All right I’m gonna go! (Gets up and heads for the door.)
 Joey:I don’t know! But he did not eat your face cream!
 Joey:Hey little buddy how are you feeling? (The duck does not get sick and Joey recoils in horror and heads for the couch.) What the hell is in that face cream? (He’s about to try out the couch but notices the bed in Rachel’s room. He walks into her room and feels the bed.) That’s so soft. (He pulls back the comforter.) Pillowcases! (He climbs in and groans in delight. Suddenly he feels something under him and pulls out a little beat up paperback book. He opens it and starts to read from it.) (In his head.) Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father the vicar…(Stops reading and thinks.) The vicar? (Continues reading) …wouldn’t be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his…(Out loud.) Whoa! (Reads on in silence.) Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book! (Continues to read.)
 Joey:Sweepin’. Why? Turn you on?
 Joey:Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?
 Joey:Where are you going? The vicar won’t be home for hours.
 Joey:Where do you think (pause) Zelda?
 Joey:Yeah I did!
 Joey:Okay look I’m sorry I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn’t have but you got porn!
 Joey:You got porn!
 Joey:Hey Rach.
 Joey:Hey Rach do you smell smoke?
 Joey:No-no-no I’m serious. You don’t smell it? Something’s on fire.
 Joey:Oh y’know what? It’s probably just your burnin’ loins.
 Joey:Dude what are you massaging an old man for?
 Joey:Gotcha.
 Joey:Hello Zelda.
 Joey:The vicar!
 Joey:Like a goalie right?
 Joey:All right I’m sorry. Rach I—Rach I’m sorry. Okay? I’m sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by taking you roughly in the barn. (Giggles.)
 Joey:Huh?
 Joey:(nervously backing away) I-I-I-I did? (He puts a stool in front of her.)
 Joey:This body? (He backs into the kitchen.)
 Joey:Hey-hey you’re startin’ to sound like the butcher’s wife there in-in chapter seven.
 Joey:I don’t want to I’m scared.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Eyes! No no. Your eyes! No. Chandler’s eyes!
 Joey:Feminine.
 Joey:(entering) Ahoy!
 Joey:Great! I’m finally getting into this sailing stuff.
 Joey:Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!
 Joey:Oh it’s great! It’s a great place to just kinda sit hang around drink a few beers eat some chips. (He says that as he sits hangs around drinks a beer and eats a chip.)
 Joey:You could?
 Joey:(drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
 Joey:What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there. (Points to the coast meanwhile there is coast behind him.)
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Come on Rach not again. I got it! Okay? Let’s start sailing and I want to go over there (Points) where that boatload of girls is! (Yelling to them) Yo-ho-ho!
 Joey:Uh boat rope.
 Joey:Uhh rub it?
 Joey:I’d say come again. No-no wait I-I-I know this one I know this one uh…
 Joey:And deaf!
 Joey:Yes.
 Joey:I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:I don’t want to talk about it. Y’know you could’ve at least saved me a whole cookie. (He grabs what’s left of the cookie and pops in his mouth.)
 Joey:(recoils in horror) Women are mean!!! (Storms out.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Oh uh I don’t know the boat way to say this but uh never!
 Joey:Because! You’re mean on the boat!
 Joey:Well lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
 Joey:Does a good teacher say Put down the beer pinhead!?
 Joey:Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
 Joey:Well it hit me anyway! And it would’ve hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
 Joey:You won’t boss me around anymore?
 Joey:And you’ll be nice?
 Joey:And you’ll be topless?
 Joey:Do you want me to learn?!
 Joey:Ohh yeah.
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:I don’t know why you just don’t say left.
 Joey:Huh?
 Joey:(hurrying over) Okay! Okay you’re yelling again! See that?
 Joey:Oh y’know what? Since I’m here I think I’m gonna have me a little beer on the port side. (Grabs and opens one.)
 Joey:Uh wow you just said a bunch of stuff I didn’t know there.
 Joey:Oh y’know when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
 Joey:All right that’s it! You’re yelling and I don’t see you taking your top off! I quit!
 Joey:Why not?!
 Joey:Greens? I’m a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
 Joey:Yes! Yes! You did and you’re still yelling at me!
 Joey:Well hey I did learn.
 Joey:Yeah! Come on.
 Joey:Yeah it’s okay. I know what a mainsail is. (Points to it. It’s the larger sail.) I know I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:Yeah yeah. Hey why don’t you give a pull on that rope? (Points.)
 Joey:Just pull on it.
 Joey:What else?
 Joey:Thank you.
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:What you—don’t hold it like that! You’re lettin’ all the good stuff fall out.
 Joey:Careful! You’re wasting good pastrami! (Gasps.) Oh my God! I’m my dad!
 Joey:(laughing and turning off the TV) So what did you guys think?
 Joey:(on phone) Mom so what did you think? (He walks away allowing the gang a chance to figure out what they’re gonna say.)
 Joey:(hangs up the phone) Wow! Well my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? (Phoebe smiles walks up to him and presses her breasts against him.) It wasn’t that good.
 Joey:(entering from bathrooms excitedly) You guys! You guys! You’re not gonna believe what my agent just told me!
 Joey:Ooh sorry. Sorry. You finish go.
 Joey:I’m gonna be on two TV shows!
 Joey:Oh you weren’t finished?
 Joey:Uh Rach if you’re gonna start another story at least let me finish mine.
 Joey:(groans in disgust) Wow it’s really long.
 Joey:Well these really are the days of our lives.
 Joey:Well since you ask. They want me back on Days of Our Lives!
 Joey:I’ll be playing Drake Remoray’s twin brother Stryker!
 Joey:(jumps up) Well—I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
 Joey:Hey Terry!
 Joey:It’s been a while huh? Wow it’s funny these halls look smaller then they used to.
 Joey:So! Stryker Remoray huh? When do you want me to start?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:(looking between the pages and him) Audition? I thought you were gonna offer me the part.
 Joey:Well I was Dr. Drake Remoray Stryker’s twin brother. I mean who looks more me than me right?
 Joey:Y’know Terry I-I don’t really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series (Pause) with a robot.
 Joey:Well. I guess you think you’re pretty special huh? Sittin’ up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin’ stars jump through hoops for ya huh? Well y’know what? (Throws the script away) This is one star who’s hoop… This is a star that the hoop—this hoop—I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Was she happy you gave her the job?
 Joey:(on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh hey! Can you can you hang on a second? (To Phoebe and Rachel) It’s the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? (On phone) Hey funny you should call. I was just looking over next week’s script. (Listens) Canceled?! (Listens) Like they’re taking it off the air? (Listens) Ohh. (Listens) All right see you Monday. (Listens) We’re not even shootin’ them anymore?!! (Listens) All right bye! (Hangs up) They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
 Joey:Why would they do that?! It was a good show right?!
 Joey:How could this happen to me?! Yesterday I had two TV shows! Today I got nothin’!
 Joey:Uh well they might be a little mad at me over there.
 Joey:Well maybe I got a little upset and maybe I told them where they could go.
 Joey:Because they wanted me to audition!
 Joey:Hey! Terry.
 Joey:Wait! Terry! Wait—Look—Wait I-I… Look I’m really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I’m too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
 Joey:Wait! Terry! Please! Look I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please help me out for old times sake.
 Joey:(jumping up and removing the bandages) I’m back baby! Ha-ha-ha!
 Joey:Uhh well I’ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. (Removes his hand to reveal a huge sauce stain.) You got an extra one?
 Joey:Great. (He doesn’t like it.) You got anything that’s not Ralph Lauren?
 Joey:All right I guess this will be fine.
 Joey:Nothing why?
 Joey:Huh Rach I got to say it’s gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
 Joey:Really? ‘Cause I could kinda use the money.
 Joey:Yeah okay.
 Joey:Sure no problem. (Sees something.) Ooh—Hey donuts!
 Joey:Okay. (He grabs a jelly donut takes a bite and guess what he spills all over himself. He tries to clean it up and smears it all over the shirt.)
 Joey:See? That’s a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now pretend I have a camera. (Chandler immediately does The Face.) You’re changing it!
 Joey:All right all right all right all right you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
 Joey:Okay first—first of all you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down (Looks down) look down keep looking down; then I look up. (Looks up and smiles.) See? All right now you try. Look down (Chandler looks down) you’re looking down keep looking down…
 Joey:I had a donut. (Chandler nods.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah! That guy’s all right!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Hey well you can’t teach someone to be good with women. Y’know that’s why I never had any luck with Chandler.
 Joey:Hey! No-no-no-no you can’t take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
 Joey:(shocked) What?!
 Joey:I know Monica told me.
 Joey:I don’t know Rach.
 Joey:One! (Pause.) No ten! You said ten! You can’t take that back!
 Joey:I don’t know. You uh you got something for me?
 Joey:Ten. Okay. Now Tag there’s such a thing as to many women.
 Joey:Yeah for you!
 Joey:Yeah we look great together.
 Joey:Y’know we don’t have to imagine.
 Joey:We’ll just see.
 Joey:Yep. Hey what do you say we make it a double feature?
 Joey:Die Hard 2.
 Joey:Oh well we watch it a second time and its Die Hard 2!
 Joey:And?
 Joey:What are you talking about? Bitch.
 Joey:Well I don’t know!!
 Joey:Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right well uh I’d better go.
 Joey:Yeah. All right I’ll talk to you later.
 Joey:No! Never! Never! (Pause then Joey wants to shake Ross’s hand.) Bye.
 Joey:Hey! What’s going on?
 Joey:Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs remember? (Phoebe glares at him.)
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey-hey I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah we could have like uh like an audition and see how you’d handle maid of honor type situations.
 Joey:Like when I want a job I go to an audition and if I’m the best of the people they see they give me the part.
 Joey:Oh uh me and Ross can be the judges.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Uh hey look uh Ross look I think we need to talk about before.
 Joey:Yes we do! Now look that was the best nap I ever had!!
 Joey:Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!
 Joey:Okay! When?!
 Joey:Uh-huh!
 Joey:I want to do it again.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:Fine! Do you want something to drink?
 Joey:Warm milk and Excedrin P.M. (Ross just leaves.)
 Joey:Okay all right this is how it’s going to work. We’re gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10 1 being the highest.
 Joey:Why is 10 the highest?
 Joey:(crying) I don’t want to marry Chandler!
 Joey:I’ve got cold feet.
 Joey:No one man for the rest of my life? I don’t know if I can do it! This means I’ll never get to sleep with Joey!
 Joey:(out of his Monica character) Very good! Drawing on your own experience I like that!
 Joey:Okay Phoebe…
 Joey:We’re now in the ceremony Monica is about to say I do when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
 Joey:Yes! Excellent! Perfect score!
 Joey:Wow. (To Ross) Good speech.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:And she’s back in the game.
 Joey:All right well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well except for Rachel—Damnit!
 Joey:Boy I tell ya that judging stuff took a lot out of me.
 Joey:Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch. (Raises his eyebrows questioning Ross to see if he wants to join him.)
 Joey:No reason I’m just saying that uh… That’s where I’ll be.
 Joey:Great nap.
 Joey:(reacting first by jumping up) Dude! What the hell are you doing?! God! (Heads for his room leaving Ross.)
 Joey:Morning!
 Joey:Pretty good.
 Joey:Okay really good. Anyway I gotta go; I’m late for work.
 Joey:Yeah—Hey don’t worry she’s a terrific girl. And hey listen could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I’m not looking for a serious relationship; that’d be great.
 Joey:Just casually slip it in y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn’t want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
 Joey:Hey I’m gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on Chandler used to do it! He’d even make the girl pancakes! Plus he’d make extras and leave ‘em for me.
 Joey:Fine! (Pause) Now where’d we land on those pancakes? (She chases him out the door as his date emerges from the bathroom.)
 Joey:Hey! What’s up?
 Joey:Hey-hey who’s your friend? (Erin turns around to face Joey startling him) Hey!!
 Joey:Erin! Still here!
 Joey:Why wouldn’t ya? Erin is great! Then-then there’s you guys.
 Joey:Yeah. I’ll uh I’ll call ya.
 Joey:(to Erin) Okay good to see you again.
 Joey:Bye-bye.
 Joey:So system kinda broke down huh?!
 Joey:What?!!
 Joey:No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
 Joey:Man do you know what guys want!
 Joey:My beers?! Look you guys she’s a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time but I just—I don’t see it going anywhere.
 Joey:Look I’m sorry you guys I-I just don’t think so.
 Joey:Hey don’t start judging me! (To Rachel) Huh? You’re the one who’s in love with her assistant! (To Phoebe) Huh? And you you’re the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
 Joey:Now hold on a second fifth floor against that back wall?
 Joey:All right so we should go catch our movie.
 Joey:I like to see the previews. (Rachel looks at him.) The candy.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Erin.
 Joey:(skeptical) What party?
 Joey:Who’s birthday party?
 Joey:(still skeptical) Oh and how is Allison?
 Joey:(still skeptical) Yeah look how that worked out.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Oh unbelievable! We had the best time!
 Joey:No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y’know? That was so awkward we were really nervous.
 Joey:Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches sports although she is a Met fan not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids well that’s a…
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!
 Joey:What about Game 1 of the Series?
 Joey:You shut up! (To Phoebe and Rachel) I love arguing with her. (To Erin) I’ll be right back.
 Joey:(returning) Hey! You wanna go?
 Joey:Okay. See you guys later.
 Joey:(whispers to Phoebe and Rachel) Hey thank you so much. (They both exit.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place split a milkshake 70/30 but still… And guess what I’m thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no! It’s a surprise but it’s gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
 Joey:Where are you gettin’ this?
 Joey:Oh. Oh.
 Joey:No hey Rach it’s cool okay? Y’know I’m a loner too! (Heads for his room.) Right?
 Joey:No! No. Don’t do that just next time make sure she really likes me.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:(coming back out) Finally!
 Joey:Say hello to the new champ of Chandlers dumb states game.
 Joey:Fifty-six!
 Joey:Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team!
 Joey:46. Wow! Whos well educated now Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?
 Joey:(gets up) All right. Dont look at my list Ross cause theres a lot on there that you dont have.
 Joey:But the drawer full of take-out menus is okay right?
 Joey:Dont worry Chandler its not a globe of the United States.
 Joey:What the hell is in there?
 Joey:Yeah that dog left!
 Joey:(interrupting him) Dont do it!
 Joey:Told ya. (Waves bye-bye.)
 Joey:Look Chandler I told you never tell anyone about this dog thing. Its like Ross not likin’ ice cream.
 Joey:Half hour. (Rachel turns to look at him and he nods yes.)
 Joey:All right Rach the big question is does he like you? All right? Because if he doesnt like you this is all a moo-point.
 Joey:Yeah its like a cows opinion. It just doesnt matter. Its moo.
 Joey:Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty no one cares whats inside.
 Joey:(through the window) All right he likes you back! Huh? Told ya you should go for it!
 Joey:(realizes what he said) Street noise drowned any of that out? (Rachel moves madly towards him) No all right I see you later okay... (Turns away embarrassed)
 Joey:(entering) Okay Im in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! (Sees that Chandler has a worried look on his face) Whats the matter?
 Joey:So? Bring the dog back youre a hero.
 Joey:Chandler its like a big gerbil.
 Joey:Ross you need some help?
 Joey:(sits down next to Ross) First of all Utah? Dude you cant just make stuff up!
 Joey:Hey! Tags still talking to the police.
 Joey:If you said it like that you probably did yeah.
 Joey:Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross to bring the dog back here!
 Joey:You think?
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:I do. There’s uh let’s see Guy With a Mustache Smokes-A-Lot Lady Some Kids I’ve Seen and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Uh well yeah that was the plan but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
 Joey:Hey Mon you might wanna make some more lasagna too because something might’ve happened to a huge chunk of it.
 Joey:Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
 Joey:(about to cry) Those two only had each other!
 Joey:Yeah I saw her this morning walkin’ it by the park.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs?
 Joey:Hey Rach?
 Joey:That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this? (He shows her what he’s been drawing.)
 Joey:Boy I tell ya this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
 Joey:(watching the discussion) Hey Chandler do we know that lady?
 Joey:Yeah lady! Give us candy!!
 Joey:What’s up buddy?
 Joey:Waiting for candy.
 Joey:(stepping in and knocking the man over) Hey if we know it can we have candy?!!
 Joey:That’s right it’s all ruined! You guys ruined everything! You ruined it! (Steps into the apartment and Chandler closes the door.) (Joey struts over to the candy and starts eating it.)
 Joey:(with his mouth full) Oh yeah sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever I don’t know… (Grabs the note.)
 Joey:Hey. (He exits)
 Joey:Hey! Great you’re home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas! (Starts drumming.)
 Joey:(yelling) No! Drums!
 Joey:Hey-hey Pheebs check it out we already learned a song. (To Rachel) Ready? One two three four...
 Joey:Thank you. (He gets up and puts on his jacket.) (Phoebe enters) Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:Here. (Gives her the coins) Now I only owe you $49.50.
 Joey:What is Rock n Roll about that?
 Joey:Oh wait before you tell me what it is! (He plays a drum-roll) Okay what is it?
 Joey:Is it on me? I feel I feel like its on me! I got hey! (He storms into his room)
 Joey:(entering wearing a Superman costume) Merry Christmas!
 Joey:(yelling from the bedroom) Is it back in the cage?
 Joey:Cage closed?
 Joey:Hey. (He exits)
 Joey:Hey! Great you’re home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas! (Starts drumming.)
 Joey:(yelling) No! Drums!
 Joey:Hey-hey Pheebs check it out we already learned a song. (To Rachel) Ready? One two three four...
 Joey:Thank you. (He gets up and puts on his jacket.) (Phoebe enters) Hey Pheebs!
 Joey:Here. (Gives her the coins) Now I only owe you $49.50.
 Joey:What is Rock n Roll about that?
 Joey:Oh wait before you tell me what it is! (He plays a drum-roll) Okay what is it?
 Joey:Is it on me? I feel I feel like its on me! I got hey! (He storms into his room)
 Joey:(entering wearing a Superman costume) Merry Christmas!
 Joey:(yelling from the bedroom) Is it back in the cage?
 Joey:Cage closed?
 Joey:(looking through his binoculars at a nearby building) Y’know what else makes you wonder?
 Joey:Check out the rack on this chick! (Turns around to point it out to Ross and finds that Ross is glaring at him. So he quickly puts his binoculars to his eyes and starts looking for the comet.)
 Joey:Then why are you wearing Monica’s jacket?
 Joey:(whispering) Ross!
 Joey:Come here check this out!
 Joey:No! No-no. Look there’s a bug stuck in tar right here. (Bends down to get a closer look.)
 Joey:(standing up) Y’know there’s two women dude.
 Joey:Right-right up here. (Starts looking at them through a piece of pipe.)
 Joey:(annoyed) I don’t know! (Goes back to looking through the pipe.) (Pause) Yeah I do.
 Joey:What?! All right—Hey! Don’t look at me! You’re the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
 Joey:(covering his ears and yelling) Oh no! No! No! (He starts banging on the door.)
 Joey:Come on!
 Joey:All right well y’know…I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
 Joey:Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape. (Points it out.)
 Joey:All right it won’t go down any further. It’s stuck.
 Joey:Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
 Joey:What if I smack my head on the concrete?
 Joey:(looks at the ground and at Ross) I don’t know Ross! I-I tell you what let’s flip to see who does it okay? You-you call it in the air all right?
 Joey:No.
 Joey:What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I’m not jumping! Okay look I have an audition tomorrow and I can’t go if I break my leg.
 Joey:Well all right so it looks like we’re even!
 Joey:Man I’m starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! Do you want soup or salad? Both! Always order both!
 Joey:Yeah? Really? No one’s home?
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:All right! Just hurry up!
 Joey:I think face to face.
 Joey:Face to face yeah!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:(grunting) Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!
 Joey:Y’know when we talked about face to face I don’t think we thought it all the way through.
 Joey:Well just shimmy down me and drop!
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:(angrily) Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while!
 Joey:It’s not that far! Just drop!
 Joey:Ross you should know that my pants are startin’ to come down and I’m not wearing any underwear!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:What are you doing?
 Joey:(laughs) Why would you want to do that?
 Joey:Rach there is a decent place to…
 Joey:No. No. No.
 Joey:No. Rosita does not move.
 Joey:As in Rosita does not move.
 Joey:The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it’s at the perfect angle so you don’t get any glare coming of off Stevie.
 Joey:(glaring at her) Is there a problem?
 Joey:I told you not to move it! Rach how would you feel if say I wanted to move you mom and you said don’t and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
 Joey:(slowly turning and glaring at her) She’s not even cold yet!
 Joey:That’s true.
 Joey:Yeah I… (Shuts off the TV.) I don’t want Stevie to see her like this.
 Joey:No I won’t.
 Joey:Because I know what I like and what I don’t like! It’s not the same thing!
 Joey:I don’t know why you say that so soon.
 Joey:Francette? What is she? A couch?
 Joey:Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
 Joey:Well I guess you’re right. Maybe maybe I’ll take her down to the incinerator. It’s gonna be so said and kinda cool. (He goes to remove the back but it doesn’t come off. So he sits down in it puts his feet up stands up and looks back at it.) She’s heeled!
 Joey:No it’s not weird it’s a miracle!
 Joey:Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure wondrous things can happen!
 Joey:(interrupting her) Can you tell me how this happened?
 Joey:Miracle!
 Joey:Someone like an…angel?
 Joey:(angrily) Get your non-believer ass outta my chair! (She gets up and heads for her room.)
 Joey:Yeah me too. (He flips up his armrest in disgust.)
 Joey:Fine.
 Joey:No. Really?
 Joey:(quietly) My chair heels itself.
 Joey:Well it looks like it wasn’t heeled after all! Yeah! So I guess this chair is mine now! (Sits down in it and groans.)
 Joey:Your chair?!
 Joey:So there was no miracle?!
 Joey:(sarcastic) Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I’m so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
 Joey:How do you figure?
 Joey:That’s right!
 Joey:Yeah! We are!
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:Ahhh…… (To Rachel) Eh?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:They do!
 Joey:Come on Rach! Look turning thirty is not that big a deal.
 Joey:(screaming) Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!! (He buries his head in Phoebe’s lap for comfort.)
 Joey:(screaming) And now Chandler! We’re all gettin’ so old! (Looking up) Why are you doing this to us?! (Turns away crying.)
 Joey:Yeah you’re roommate is a soap opera star.
 Joey:Hey what’s the horsepower on this thing?
 Joey:But it hurt’s my Joey’s Apple.
 Joey:Well actually…
 Joey:Dude you soooo need this car.
 Joey:Yep. (Starts for Monica’s room but Chandler stops him.)
 Joey:Now that you’re a couple we don’t get two presents from you guys?
 Joey:Will you quit hoggin’ it!
 Joey:(to the waiter) Hey! Are those crab cakes? (The waiter nods) Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
 Joey:Yeah!!
 Joey:Oh I don’t know Pheebs. It’ll be okay.
 Joey:That’s not gonna happen. No. (Looks up) Because we have a new deal!
 Joey:Like what?
 Joey:Hey y’know what you guys? I think I’m gonna go walk her home. (Gets up and runs out.)
 Joey:Pheebs! Wait up! (She stops.) Listen uh close your eyes. (She does so and Joey passionately kisses her.) Maybe that’s one thing you can cross off your list.
 Joey:Oh and plus I’m 1/16th Portuguese.
 Joey:Oh come on Rach! My turn just started!
 Joey:Oh. Okay. Hey can I ride this outside?
 Joey:Okay! (Runs off downstairs.)
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:(entering limping and holding his arm) I don’t like this anymore. (He sits down with them in pain.)
 Joey:(crying) Why God?! Why are you doing this to us?! (He buries his head in Ross’s shoulder.)
 Joey:All-all right! (They run and jump in the car.) Start it up! Let’s go!
 Joey:No.
 Joey:(entering excited) Hey!
 Joey:So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today and…
 Joey:Days Of Our Lives. Anyway you’re not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
 Joey:And-and-and not only that I’m gettin’ a new brain!!
 Joey:Oh well they’re killing off one of the characters on the show and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
 Joey:(seriously) Yes it’s a highly controversial procedure.
 Joey:Well I think it’s ridiculous that you haven’t had sex in three and a half months.
 Joey:Uh Cecilia Monroe she plays Jessica Lockhart.
 Joey:Nice.
 Joey:Oh tell me about it. And she’s been on the show forever it’s gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
 Joey:Yes but in Drake Remoray’s body. (Ross laughs unbelievably.) Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
 Joey:That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
 Joey:Oh anyway I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are.
 Joey:Say what?
 Joey:No. No I’m Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I’m the guy in the coma!
 Joey:An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I’m getting your brain when you leave the show I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me…
 Joey:(quickly) I don’t know. Why? Did you hear something?
 Joey:Oh uh one of the writers.
 Joey:Umm…
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Ms. Monroe… (She slaps him) Oh there you go. (She storms off leaving Joey standing next to Dina. They share a nod at the ferocity of the slap they just received.)
 Joey:So you like the nachos uh? Myself I’m partial to…
 Joey:See you in 2003. (She walks away.)
 Joey:I’m so sorry. Look if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
 Joey:No I mean it! I can’t believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
 Joey:Joey.
 Joey:Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye—l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I that I came up to you before was because well I’m really nervous about-about being you. Y’know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y’know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
 Joey:Oh that’s great! Oh thank you so much!
 Joey:Hey! Now I’ve been watching some tapes how’s this? (In a British accent.) Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(shocked) I can do an English accent?! That baby’s going on my resume!
 Joey:Okay! (He scurries out the set door and re-enters extremely impressed) All right!
 Joey:Okay. Okay. (He goes out and comes back in glaring at everything.)
 Joey:Oh well—Hey-hey! Maybe maybe uh maybe this is a good thing. Y’know? It’ll-it’ll give you a chance to shake things up play different characters. You’re so talented.
 Joey:Hey that’s not true! Look at uh look at Angela Lansb—Angelina Jolie!
 Joey:Like-like what?
 Joey:(impressed) Wow!
 Joey:Oh hey come on don’t-don’t-don’t do this! Umm look let-let me tell you something okay? Now when I watch you do a scene I’m thinking Boy she-she is a great actress! (She’s not buying it.) Uh but-but I am also thinking She is hot!
 Joey:You own the room. (She smiles and stares longingly into his eyes.) We should probably get-get uh…
 Joey:Yeah-yeah I noticed that! Is that ‘cause she’s so passionate?
 Joey:Yeah! Okay. (He puts his hands on her face and they kiss.)
 Joey:Actually I rent the whole place and I just got what you meant. Thank you.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:That uh that is my roommate Rachel.
 Joey:(shrugs) Sure. Yep.
 Joey:Okay bye-bye.
 Joey:All right here we go. (He grabs them and starts to pull them out of the apartment.)
 Joey:Thanks for stopping by. See ya! (Throws them out and closes the door.) (To Cecilia) I-I am so sorry. I…
 Joey:(notices something in the mail that Rachel brought in) Oh my God!
 Joey:They sent me today’s script! They never send the script!
 Joey:Well no I’m just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! (Realizes what that means.) Oh…
 Joey:(flipping to the last page) Ew you get thrown from a horse into an electric fence.
 Joey:Yeah well I’m guessing after this she’s not going to be crazy about electricity either.
 Joey:(as Jessica) I don’t think so.
 Joey:Oh noo…
 Joey:Thanks!
 Joey:Great! Hey! All right! Well-well what is it?!
 Joey:The airport?
 Joey:Ohh. Wow! Well how-how how will you be gone?
 Joey:That’s a really long time.
 Joey:Well I tell ya I should probably buy a place in the city first. (Realizes.) And I just got what you meant again—That is—I tell ya that is a tricky one!
 Joey:Good luck.
 Joey:I call it!!
 Joey:Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
 Joey:So did you uh find anyone to marry you guys yet?
 Joey:Well then let me do it!
 Joey:No-no-no! Look I’ve been thinking about it. I’m an actor right? So I won’t get nervous talking in front of people.
 Joey:No-no-no-no look no! I won’t spit and I won’t stare at Monica’s breasts! Y’know? Everyone knows I’m an ass man!
 Joey:Yeah and the most important thing is that it won’t be some like stranger up there who barely knows you. It’ll be me! And I swear I’ll do a really good job. Plus y’know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
 Joey:So I can do it?
 Joey:All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay I gotta get started on my speech! Oh wait a minute Internet ministers can still have sex right?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh! My head! Oh! (He’s sitting on the chair lies back and puts his feet up for Monica to rub.) Oh!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani! (Holds up the piece of paper bearing the proof of his ordination.)
 Joey:Yeah I just got off the Internet! Man there is a lot of porn out there!
 Joey:Anyway I started working on what I’m going to say for the ceremony do you wanna hear it?
 Joey:Now-now listen this is just a first draft so… (Starts to read the piece of paper he brought.) We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share. (Monica and Chandler like it so far.) Eh? (He continues reading.) It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving. (Phoebe nods her approval.) We too can share and love and have and receive.
 Joey:Okay you guys I got a little more written. Are you ready?
 Joey:(reading) When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and… And then I can’t think of a good word for right here. (He points to the stop on the paper where he left off.)
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:Ooh like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
 Joey:Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay maybe I’ll talk about London! Y’know when you two hooked up! Only only I won’t say hooked up. I’ll say Began their beautiful journey…
 Joey:…by doin’ it.
 Joey:Okay. All right. Umm so uh so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y’know you’re in the bathtub together and she’s feeding you strawberries?
 Joey:Yeah!! I call that London style.
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah baby!
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah baby!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh dude I’m so sorry!
 Joey:Hey no-no-no-no! It’s cool! It’s cool! I-I’ll only be a second I’m still with my bride’s maid I just—Where are those condoms you brought?
 Joey:Ah. (Joey walks to Chandler’s bag by getting as far away from Chandler’s bed as possible.)
 Joey:(pause) For just you?
 Joey:Hey listen why don’t you come downstairs with me? There’s some really nice girls down there.
 Joey:All right here you go buddy. (He tosses him one.) Go nuts. (Exits.)
 Joey:That’s what that was?! ‘Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something but it did nothing for me.
 Joey:Oh… (To Chandler) Can you imagine if I hadn’t left you that last one? You two might’ve never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It’s like it was in the stars!
 Joey:Yeah baby! (Chandler glares at him.) No baby!
 Joey:And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv—(Shuts up on Monica’s glare.)
 Joey:Hey! (Monica turns and looks at him) Now I’m a man of the cloth but I still have feelings!
 Joey:What?! That’s not fair! It’s not my fault! I was off with my bride’s maid! And who’s to say I would’ve even said yes?! (To Monica) I mean I would’ve said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this all right? Look everything worked out okay!
 Joey:This is crazy.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Chandler come on nothing even happened!
 Joey:No-hey-no! If you don’t want me to do it I except that. I don’t care about that. I just…I don’t want you to be upset.
 Joey:Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler she wants you for the rest of her life! You’re so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did ‘cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y’know we look at you and-and we see you together and it just…it-it fits. Y’know? And you just know it’s gonna last forever.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Really? I can do it?
 Joey:Hey! (They hug.)
 Joey:Well I don’t know remember exactly but it’s-it’s pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So are guys doing okay?
 Joey:Ho-ho-ho (pausing for a rest next to the fridge) fried stuff with cheese!
 Joey:Here you go.
 Joey:Good for you!
 Joey:Food? Uh-huh gimme! (She hands him the paper.)
 Joey:This is impossible Monica why don’t you just pick all 15? (Hands back the paper.)
 Joey:Oh yeah I added three.
 Joey:Oh yeah… (He mimes sticking his fingers into a jar of peanut butter scooping some out and eating it off his fingers.)
 Joey:(checking her out) Hi! You uh movin’ in or movin’ out?
 Joey:Oh uh can I give you a hand?
 Joey:Boyfriend?
 Joey:I’m Joey. (They shake hands.)
 Joey:Oh wow what a beautiful name! (Pause) What is it again?
 Joey:Got it! (He picks up a lamp.) So…
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. (Points.) Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop (Points to hers) or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
 Joey:Okay. Yeah. Listen would you uh would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Sounds great! Okay all right well where does this go? (The lamp he’s holding.)
 Joey:Okay. Yeah. (She leaves and he goes to pick up a box marked books but decides to take the box marked pillows instead.) Yeah I’ll grab this one. (He follows her upstairs.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey Chandler!
 Joey:Listen sorry I didn’t stop by last night but I had a date.
 Joey:Well check it out I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Two days ago.
 Joey:Oh yeah?
 Joey:Well I sorta am. I mean yeah I’m dating this girl who’s also seeing another guy. But I don’t know I’m not to worried about it.
 Joey:Obviously! So how do we decide?
 Joey:(not buying it) Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Or or I’m the one who dates her.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah I like that but just to go in another direction…
 Joey:Yeah well we should order some food then.
 Joey:(smiling) That sounds fair.
 Joey:Ah yeah—wait a second now! Look we’re gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don’t have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
 Joey:All right well I guess I’ll just have to do what I do on dates.
 Joey:Yeah. Uh (thinks)…a slice…(Thinks)…six dollars?
 Joey:Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:I just wanted to come by and y’know wish you good luck on your date.
 Joey:Yeah. What time are you meeting her?
 Joey:Wow that’s in like 20 minutes. You’d better get dressed.
 Joey:Oh. Well good! (To himself) For me. (He picks up a jar of lotion.) What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
 Joey:Okay dude! (Finds a receit.) Hey you uh you sent Kristen flowers.
 Joey:You spent a hundred dollars. That’s the limit. You’re screwed!
 Joey:Oh-oh! So that’s the way it’s gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y’know!
 Joey:I don’t know.
 Joey:Y’know what Ross? I’m not gonna let you get away with this!
 Joey:Well we’ll see!
 Joey:Yeah bye-bye! (Exits and comes back in still holding the lotion.) Hey! So just a light layer?
 Joey:(entering) Kristen?
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Oh I like this place. And technically technically I’m not breaking any rules so I…
 Joey:Hi!
 Joey:Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks! (Sits down.)
 Joey:A woman in a man’s body.
 Joey:So y’know Ross it’s funny ‘cause you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
 Joey:So you’ve just married the one time then?
 Joey:(laughs that one off) Yeah. So uh Ross well now—why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
 Joey:No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
 Joey:Have you ever slept in the same bed as a monkey?!
 Joey:Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
 Joey:Monkey lover!
 Joey:When do you think we lost her?
 Joey:Yeah! (Monica goes in the bedroom.) Y’know she could use a little…(Whistles that she needs to do what they’re doing.) (Something happens on the game.) Oh nice shot!!! (They all cheer.)
 Joey:Hey! You guys! You’re not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent…
 Joey:Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!
 Joey:No-no.
 Joey:No! I’m up for a Soapie!
 Joey:No no no! It’s real! And it has been since 1998. (Rachel returns from the bathroom.) Hey Rach! Rach! I’m up for a Soapie!
 Joey:Thank you! Well I guess now I know who I’m taking to the awards. (Points to Rachel.)
 Joey:Many are scheduled to appear.
 Joey:(pretending to be an announcer) And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani! (He then gets excited and goes over to the counter to practice his acceptance speech using a bottle of maple syrup as the award.) Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh I didn’t prepare a speech. But umm I’d like to thank (Rachel enters quietly) my parents who’ve always been there for me. I’d also like to thank my friends Chandler Monica Phoebe Rachel…
 Joey:Yeah may-maybe you don’t tell anyone about this.
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:What award are you practicing for?
 Joey:Oh hey listen! The Soapie’s called today and I also get to present an award.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:(confused) What you-you don’t think I’m gonna win?
 Joey:Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win but it’s just…I’ve never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
 Joey:Hey! (Likes it.)
 Joey:You practice losing the Grammies too?
 Joey:Ah.
 Joey:Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
 Joey:Whoa!
 Joey:Ross has a boyfriend.
 Joey:How’d you get over that teacher?
 Joey:(To Ross) Problem solved.
 Joey:(To Rachel) This is it! This is my category.
 Joey:Yeah I got my speech!
 Joey:Yeah. (Does it.)
 Joey:Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?
 Joey:‘Kay!
 Joey:What the?! (Joey pounds the table and starts yelling at Rachel and which is drowned out by applause. Rachel is desperately trying to tell Joey that he’s on TV right now. He finally notices and he does his gracious loser face.)
 Joey:(angrily and monotone) Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. (Shakes his head in disgust.) The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. (There is applause which Joey disgustedly waits to dye out.) From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop (They start to applaud again but Joey interrupts in with the rest of the nominees) from All My Children Sarah Mchann and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is…(Opens the envelope)…Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. (Applause) Uh unfortunately Jessica couldn’t be with us tonight so I’ll be accepting this award on her behalf. (Realizes something) And I’m sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She’d also like to thank my friends Chandler Monica Ross Phoebe and Rachel who’s sittin’ right there! (Points at Rachel.) (The music starts and his microphone is turned off this angers Joey again and he disgustedly exits.)
 Joey:Rach we had to get out of there because look what I won! (He whips out the award for Best Supporting Actress that he accepted for Jessica.)
 Joey:No-no! No I’m accepting it on her behalf. (He puts it up above the TV to display it.)
 Joey:Sure I do! It’s a verb! As in I behalfin’ it!
 Joey:But why?! I should’ve won one and I really want it and she didn’t even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
 Joey:Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of ‘em.
 Joey:No! I want an award I did win! But nobody’s giving me any of those! Plus—Hey Rach if-if I put it up there (Points to the TV) right? When people come over they’ll see it and they’ll think I won it.
 Joey:I can scratch that right off.
 Joey:All right!
 Joey:I’ll take it back tomorrow.
 Joey:(opening his door) If I can’t have it you can’t have it! (Rachel walks away angrily.)
 Joey:Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.
 Joey:Hey Jessica.
 Joey:Ah this is my friend Rachel.
 Joey:Uh listen here’s your Soapie. I accepted it for ya. (Hands it to her.)
 Joey:Well that-that-that’s it? You’re gonna you’re gonna put it on your self or anything?
 Joey:(To Rachel) Take it back?
 Joey:Y-y-yeah! (As they start to leave Rachel pauses and steals a vase with flowers in it.) Yeah you do. (They exit.)
 Joey:I’m sorry do I know you?
 Joey:Nothing I’m just practicing blowing you off because I’m gonna be a big movie star!
 Joey:Well no not yet. But the audition went really good.
 Joey:Oh it’s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It’s really classy! Oh and the director is supposed to be the next next Martin Scorcese.
 Joey:Yeah there’s this guy from Chicago who’s supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese all right? But then this guy’s right after him. (Joey’s cell phone rings and he answers it.) Hello!
 Joey:(to Monica and Phoebe) They loved me!
 Joey:(on phone) Oh my God!
 Joey:Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Uh okay uh let me call you back. (Hangs up.)
 Joey:They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
 Joey:I know! My grandmother’s gonna see this!
 Joey:I don’t know! It’s not like it’s porn! This is a serious legitimate movie. Y’know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
 Joey:You’re right. Maybe I shouldn’t even go on the call back.
 Joey:Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It’s really sweet and-and tender.
 Joey:Hey I’m back!
 Joey:Uh so will-will I be reading the same scene again?
 Joey:Oh great! Y’know I would’ve been perfect for this part but whatever! Y’know thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day! (Starts to leave.)
 Joey:And scene! Huh? Wasn’t that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
 Joey:Wow! Sure! That’s great!
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah sure just long as it’s handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
 Joey:So…What?
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:No. What?
 Joey:Barmifsaed?
 Joey:Nope.
 Joey:Yep.
 Joey:That’s right.
 Joey:I don’t know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse you tell ‘em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
 Joey:I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
 Joey:I just have to call my agent and tell her I can’t do the part. (Gets up for the phone.)
 Joey:Unless what?
 Joey:Like what?
 Joey:Wow! This looks great!
 Joey:And-and-and-and-and the toothpicks?
 Joey:Thank God!
 Joey:Ah.
 Joey:Well maybe we just take that one away. (Picks it up and throws it away.)
 Joey:Thanks you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
 Joey:Ow!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:The fruit roll up.
 Joey:Delicious.
 Joey:Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a winner!
 Joey:The Silly Putty! It’s not so silly anymore!
 Joey:And what’s cool is the character is from Naples right?
 Joey:My whole family’s from Naples!
 Joey:Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. (He starts taking off his clothes.) I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don’t you worry; I have nothing to hide. (He drops his pants and stands back up and looks down.) So there you go that’s me. (We cut to a camera angle looking at the casting director and movie director through Joey’s legs.) One hundred percent natural! (Suddenly there’s a thud as something falls off.) (Everyone is shocked.) I tell ya that has never happened before.
 Joey:Probably Monica and Chandler.
 Joey:Hey guys! Look who’s back! It’s Ray-ray!
 Joey:(excitedly) Who you what? Who you what?!
 Joey:(excitedly) Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you—what?!!
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(entering) Hello!
 Joey:Hey Rach. (Stares at her.)
 Joey:Hey so where are my parents gonna be?
 Joey:What they’re not invited?! Oh no that’s terrible! They’re gonna be crushed!
 Joey:(looking around) You got me. I don’t…
 Joey:Well I’m sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y’know? Your parents are comin’! Chandler’s parents are comin’! Ross’s parents are comin’!
 Joey:Well-well—see? Parents are comin’!
 Joey:(leaning down to her) Maybe you’ll order a little sangria?
 Joey:We should really learn how to play the real way. (Moves another piece.)
 Joey:Nice move.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No I’m performing the ceremony. I’m not wearing a tux.
 Joey:Multi-colored robes! Ooh and maybe a hat.
 Joey:I don’t think so.
 Joey:(excitedly) Can I come?! I won’t even talk! You’ll just hear the noise from my video camera.
 Joey:Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
 Joey:Okay…
 Joey:Hey. (Laughs then seriously) It happened!
 Joey:Why are you taking this away from me?
 Joey:Oh-ho you should get inside my head.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah they’re not coming.
 Joey:Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They…feel a little unwanted.
 Joey:Look Mon if you could just call my mom…
 Joey:Come on! Look just-just tell—let her know that you really want them to be there. Let’s not forget this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
 Joey:Is it her fault that some of them didn’t make it to you?
 Joey:I don’t know. Just uh just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the invitations or—No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don’t think you can blame it on them so… (He dials the phone and hands it to Monica.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey.
 Joey:Listen I know the invitation says 600 but does that mean that you want people to get there at six or the show is gonna start right at six?
 Joey:Right. Right. The wedding gotcha. But I mean it’s gonna start a little late right? I mean weddings start late. Right?
 Joey:Ah. Yeah. Well look the thing is it’s the same day as my niece’s christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. ‘Cause my part’s just in the beginning I’m not even in the rest of the show—Wedding!
 Joey:Okay. Okay I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little ‘til they get there?
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah y’know like warm up the crowd. Ask ‘em where they’re from. ‘Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I’m a minis-tainer! (Rapping) There is no one better! There is no one greater!
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Uh Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
 Joey:No! No I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents that was really sweet. They’re so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
 Joey:Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! (Runs to his apartment and returns wearing a rather silly hat.) Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys and then this (He tilts it to the side of his head) is for party time.
 Joey:All right uh… (To Ross) Oh hey you’ve done this before Ross well what did you say when you made up your vows?
 Joey:Oh I got it! How about saying something like Monica…
 Joey:…when I look back over our time together…
 Joey:Well I can’t do everything! Look back over your time together.
 Joey:(yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:How is Monica I love your sweet ass inappropriate?
 Joey:(shocked) Has it been that long?!
 Joey:Hey its me! Im comin in!
 Joey:Ahh Im gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:I know! I mean it’s not like we weren’t cool about it.
 Joey:(To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
 Joey:How?! When?!
 Joey:IN LONDON!!!
 Joey:But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
 Joey:All right! Man this is unbelievable!
 Joey:Yes but yknow what? It doesnt matter who knows what. Now enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
 Joey:Well I didnt tell them!
 Joey:Uhhh Phoebe and Joey.
 Joey:And Rachel. I wouldve told you but they made me promise not to tell!
 Joey:No.
 Joey:They know you know.
 Joey:I couldnt even if I wanted too.
 Joey:(entering the hall) Oh man! Arent you guys done yet?!
 Joey:Ooh!
 Joey:I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh okay! Show him your bra! Hes afraid of bras! Cant work em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebes dress revealing her bra.)
 Joey:Its not my first time.
 Joey: So thats it! Its over! Everybody knows!
 Joey:I don’t want them to move to a Volvo dealership!
 Joey:I’m sorry I just…I like things the way they are.
 Joey:Ooh look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Yeah you can get a Volvo. If that’s what you really want.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(To Chandler) (laughing) Funny one! That’s good!
 Joey:What? I don’t get it.
 Joey:(starting to cry) I have never known love like this.
 Joey:If he goes first he can!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Saw the Porsche out there Mon lookin’ good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
 Joey:Yeah you got a couple hours?
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:So! You and Phoebe huh? How long have you been going out?
 Joey:Wow! Maybe uh maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.
 Joey:So uh what’s your name?
 Joey:Joey. (They shake hands.) Hey Jake do you like the Knicks?
 Joey:Me too! There’s a game on Tuesday do you wanna go?
 Joey:Pheebs!
 Joey:Listen you know how uh when you’re wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
 Joey:Well when Jake did it I saw that…he was wearing women’s underwear!
 Joey:Oh. (Laughs.) No! No wait that’s weird!
 Joey:That’s weird!
 Joey:That’s…kinda hot.
 Joey:Yeah I wouldn’t know about that.
 Joey:Yeah well next thing you know he’ll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
 Joey:Oh yeah he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
 Joey:Hey! I am secure with my masculinity.
 Joey:You’ve seen my huge stack of porn right? (Phoebe nods.)
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! (He sits down next to her.)
 Joey:Check it out. (He turns around pulls down his pants and shows Phoebe that he’s got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
 Joey:Y’know I’m beginning to see what Jake was talking about.
 Joey:The silk? Feels really good!
 Joey:Yeah! And-and things aren’t as…smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.
 Joey:Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men’s underwear!
 Joey:Bikini French cut thong! And-and the fabrics! You’ve got cotton silk lace! And y’know what I’ve always wondered about?
 Joey:Pantyhose! Y’know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here… (He mimed that and stops when he realized he went to far.) I should go take these off shouldn’t I?
 Joey:Yeah! Much! Listen uh not that I’m y’know insecure about my manhood or anything y’know but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
 Joey:Yeah! Okay! (He notices a beautiful woman sitting behind the couch and goes to talk to her.) Hey! Hi!
 Joey:Y’know you look familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?
 Joey:Oh! Maybe it’s because I’m on television. I’m an actor on Days of Our Lives.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Hm-mmm.
 Joey:Oh let me get this. (He takes out his wallet but the panties come with it. The woman and waitress are shocked.) (Realizing) (To the woman) These are for you.
 Joey:No I-I just heard lunch. But yeah I can go. Sure! (They all exit.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn’t get the part?
 Joey:No!
 Joey:No!
 Joey:Nooo!
 Joey:Yes!!
 Joey:Yes that’s the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!
 Joey:Well anyway the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!
 Joey:Oh no I’ll be done by then.
 Joey:I know! All right I’ll see you guys over there! I’m off to fight the Nazis.
 Joey:Whoa! Okay. Yeah well who-who was in World War I? (Rachel pauses as she thinks.)
 Joey:Yeah! Me too. (He pats his pocket.)
 Joey:I’m doing my scenes with you?
 Joey:Wow! I can’t believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!
 Joey:I think you did.
 Joey:Uh…Cookie?
 Joey:We have to find the rest of the platoon!
 Joey:(wiping his face) What?!
 Joey:(wipes face) So what are we gonna do?! We have no reinforcements! No-no food!
 Joey:(glances at Richard) No. Nope I uh…I th—I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y’know? He’s uh he’s a face toucher. (Behind his back Richard is nodding no.)
 Joey:Hey! Where have you been?
 Joey:Oh.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Thanks. Yeah I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won’t get spit in the eyes y’know?
 Joey:Great! All right. I’ll see you later. (He starts to leave.)
 Joey:Uh I think he’s in Rachel’s room. See ya. (Exits.)
 Joey:Oh man! They-they just redid my make-up!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Picture? What picture?
 Joey:Okay uh look I know you’re a great actor okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff…
 Joey:But you’re spittin’ all over me man!
 Joey:You know you’ve been spitting on me?!
 Joey:(wiping face) Wow! Didn’t know that.
 Joey:Thanks! Okay-okay check it out! (Reading from the script) Picture? What picture? (He pauses then spits) Eh?
 Joey:What picture?!
 Joey:You went through my personal property?
 Joey:(pause) Because Vincent we were lovers. (Pause) For two years!
 Joey:Great scene yeah?
 Joey:Thanks a lot.
 Joey:Oh I’m-I’m not working tomorrow.
 Joey:No! No! I can’t! You gotta get me out of it! I’ve got plans! (Spits.) Important plans! (Spits on the Ps.)
 Joey:Excuse me Aaron? (The director turns around.) Hi! Umm I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally I wasn’t supposed to work today and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It’s my best friend’s and I’m officiating so I really can’t work past four.
 Joey:I’m having surgery!
 Joey:Yeah I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn’t want you to worry about me. But I’m having surgery today.
 Joey:Transplant.
 Joey:Hair transplant.
 Joey:It’s not on my head.
 Joey:Hey! You’re here! Great! Great! Great! Let’s get going buddy we’ve got a scene to shoot!
 Joey:Are you drunk?
 Joey:Yes you are!
 Joey:I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
 Joey:What?! He got me! Owwwwww!!!
 Joey:Look my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I’m the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
 Joey:Thank you. Thank you.
 Joey:I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
 Joey:(on phone) Hey! Did Chandler show up yet?
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:I’m still on the set!
 Joey:I know! I’m sorry! The guy’s drunk they won’t let me go until we get this.
 Joey:No! No I’m the minister! All right look-look put ‘em both on the phone I’ll marry them right now.
 Joey:Hey! Don’t you hang up on me! I’ll marry you and me right now! I have the power!
 Joey:Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy’s hammered!
 Joey:So I uh I just talked to the director. That’s it we’re done for the day.
 Joey:Yeah! You…you were wonderful.
 Joey:So I got your car it’s right outside.
 Joey:That’s what you told me.
 Joey:No-no-no! We gotta go! Come on! (Joey picks him up in a fireman’s carry and carries him out.) Here we go.
 Joey:(entering) That’s my line! (He walks up the aisle and to the rabbi) I can take it from here thanks. (To all) Dearly beloved I’m sorry I’m a little late. You may be confused by this now (He’s still in costume) but you won’t be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well let’s get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? (Monica is shocked and looks around.) We are gathered here today to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I’ve known Monica and Chandler for a long time and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now as I’ve left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
 Joey:Chandler?
 Joey:You may not kiss the bride. So I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
 Joey:Yeah you do!
 Joey:Aw crap! Okay—uh…uh let’s-let’s do the rings.
 Joey:We good? Yeah? Good? Once again I pronounce you husband and wife. (To Chandler) Now kiss her again.
 Joey:What? What’s going on?
 Joey:Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!
 Joey:Ah. (To Chandler) Slow swimmers? (Chandler looks at him.)
 Joey:I can’t! I-I don’t have any other clothes here.
 Joey:I’m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it’s either this or a bathrobe! Look what’s more important the way I’m dressed or me being with you on your special day?
 Joey:That’s better now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. (They do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.)
 Joey:I don’t believe we’ve met Joey Tribbiani.
 Joey:Wow I’ve admired your work for years. You-you’ve done some really amazing stuff.
 Joey:Wow Dennis Phillips! That’s great! How did you guys meet?
 Joey:Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would’ve done it all film television and theater. The only think left would be radio and that’s just for ugly people.
 Joey:Uh eleven eleven and a half.
 Joey:Uh I don’t even really know where I left those. Sorry.
 Joey:Okay fine! I’m a seven! All right I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good I’ll show ya!
 Joey:Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?
 Joey:No-no! No! No! You don’t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I’m a soap actor.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(clinks his glass) I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now my when I first found out they were getting married I was I was a little angry. I was like (overly angry) Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?! But then I thought back over all our memories together some happy memories. (Does a fake laugh.) And-and there was some sad memories. (Starts to break down and cry.) I’m sorry. And-and some scared memories—Whoa! (He jumps back startled.) Eh? And then and then I realized I’ll always be their friend their friend who can speak in many dialects and has training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. (Starts to walk away but realizes something.) Oh! To the happy couple!
 Joey:So did you uh happen to catch my toast up there?
 Joey:Well I’d like to think there was something for everyone. Look I know you’re casting for this new show…
 Joey:Oh see that’s where you’re wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn’t see it up there just-just try me.
 Joey:Well I’m not proud of this but… (He turns around and starts to mess with his eyelids.)
 Joey:Shh. Shh. Don’t try to talk we’ll get you up to your room we’ll soak your feet you’ll be okay.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Tell me about it I feel like I’m holding down the fort all by myself.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:No. (Phoebe grabs the receipt and shows it to Joey who gets mad.) I was told the name of the movie would not appear on the bill!
 Joey:Nothing! It was something.
 Joey:Yeah that’s sad. Mashuga nut?
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:(warily) Who called here? Did she sound blond? Huh? Did-did-did she have an accent? I gotta make a call! (Starts to leave) I shoulda never walked into that Sunglass Hut!
 Joey:Oh. Why would you scare me like that? What the hell is going on? (Pause.) Is somebody pregnant?
 Joey:Oh my God Pheebs! You’re gonna have a baby?
 Joey:Whoa wait a minute. Who’s the father?
 Joey:Well who is this guy?! Huh? Who is he? ‘Cause I will track him down and kick his ass!
 Joey:David Lynn! David Lynn! David Lynn!! (Exits)
 Joey:(entering) Ooh-ooh-ooh! Are we opening presents?
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Okay. (Hands her one.)
 Joey:Oh good uh you’re here. Uh Pheebs? Listen uh sit down. I-I got something I want to say.
 Joey:Umm now uh… It’s a scary world out there especially for a single mom. Y’know now I always thought you and I had a special bond so… (He goes to one knee and pulls out a ring.) Phoebe Buffay will you marry me?
 Joey:Why?! Why can’t she marry me?!
 Joey:Oh my God.
 Joey:(smiles then stops) Now I can’t believe it! What? Rachel’s pregnant? (The girls nod yes.) Who’s the father?
 Joey:Ohh… I wonder if that dude.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:About a month ago this guy spent the night with Rachel I didn’t see who it was but… (He walks out and closes the door.)
 Joey:The guy left this.
 Joey:(entering) You opened them all?
 Joey:Oh hey! You got my parent’s gift! (Holds it up.)
 Joey:Well I don’t know. I think it does something to salami.
 Joey:Yeah. What-what did Tag say?
 Joey:I do Rach. I do and I so happy for you. (They hug.)
 Joey:Hey Rach listen no matter what this guy says I want you to know you’re not gonna be alone in this.
 Joey:Listen I uh… (He takes her hand.) It’s a scary world out there especially if you’re a single mom. Y’know I always felt like you and I have this-this special bond. Y’know? So (gets down on one knee again) Rachel Green will you marry me?
 Joey:Pheebs give me the ring back!
 Joey:(heartbroken) I understand.
 Joey:Uh yeah. Pheebs listen about that. I only offered…
 Joey:There you go!
 Joey:(slow on the uptake) Oh my God!
 Joey:(entering with Phoebe) Hey!
 Joey:We know its Ross!
 Joey:I’m gonna be an uncle! Come here! (He joins the hug.)
 Joey:Well that that sounds good.
 Joey:Bye.
 Joey:What secrets?
 Joey:(whispering to Chandler) You’ll tell me later?
 Joey:Y’know Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should do something.
 Joey:I don’t have a key they took mine to give to you.
 Joey:Why would they take away our keys?
 Joey:No that’s not it. They let me keep my key the last time they were out of town.
 Joey:Hey I washed those!
 Joey:Yeah that didn’t sound like me.
 Joey:Yeah I have stuff in there too.
 Joey:Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it. (He picks up the phone) Hey Mr. Treeger it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen I need to get into Monica and Chandler’s apartment. It’s an emergency. (Listens) Uhh gas leak! Yeah oh and bring garlic bread. (Hangs up.)
 Joey:Yeah it seemed pretty important.
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Yeah I don’t think that’s what it is.
 Joey:Oh wow I don’t feel well.
 Joey:Please just-just just go and talk to Rachel.
 Joey:I still can’t believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.
 Joey:What the hell is that?
 Joey:Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Treeger what are you doing?
 Joey:(eating) Huh. So then I can heat this up? (Goes and does so.)
 Joey:So it’s noticeable huh?
 Joey:(simultaneously) Oh my God!!! I can’t believe that!!
 Joey:How are you doing?
 Joey:Well what did you say to her?
 Joey:(shocked) What?
 Joey:Whoa! Hey! Whoa!! Hold up! Are you serious?! So like 3% of the time they don’t even work?! Huh? They should put that on the box!
 Joey:What?! (Grabs his condoms from his pocket and looks.)
 Joey:Hey Monica it’s Joey. Listen uh Phoebe and I smell gas comin’ from your apartment.
 Joey:Yeah and we’d go check it out but you took away our keys.
 Joey:How? I guess I could break down your door.
 Joey:And-and you won’t blame us for any damage? (Gives Phoebe a thumbs up.)
 Joey:Uh okay I’ll-I’ll-I’ll break it down. (He hands the phone to Phoebe gets up picks up a chair and starts banging it on the floor.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I don’t see the baby. Where is it?
 Joey:Hey! You’re back! (Hugs and kisses all around.)
 Joey:A couple? Like two people? Like (points to himself) one (points to Phoebe) two people?
 Joey:Y’know what? Why don’t you just give us our souvenirs and get the hell out of here?
 Joey:Hm-mm! Yeah nice necklace!
 Joey:You’re welcome buddy.
 Joey:Whom. (Everyone looks at him shocked.) That’s right.
 Joey:Yeah! You gotta tell a girl before you tape her. Such a rookie mistake.
 Joey:Yeah! Ask them if they brought their friends any souvenirs!
 Joey:Hey hang up! You get food poisoning just talkin’ to that place.
 Joey:All right! I’ll have a sandwich!
 Joey:Oh I think we do.
 Joey:Y’know what? Don’t worry about it you still got me and Phoebe.
 Joey:Personal thing? What personal thing? I don’t know.
 Joey:(laughs) Yeah I knew what you were talkin’ about.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Sure. What? About uh you showering with your mom?
 Joey:Whoa for like months?
 Joey:Six months? Whoa that’s rough.
 Joey:The sky’s blue Ross and I had sex yesterday!
 Joey:Okay. Okay. Umm…Ooh! Oh-oh I got something. It’s this story I came up with very romantic. I swear any woman that hears it; they’re like putty.
 Joey:Okay. Now you’re gonna want to have sex with me when you hear it but you have to remember it is just the story.
 Joey:Okay. (Clears throat) Years ago when I was backpacking across Western Europe…
 Joey:Have a nice six more months Ross! (Starts to leave.)
 Joey:I was just outside Barcelona hiking in the foothills of Mount Tibidabo. I was at the end of this path and I came to a clearing and there was a lake very secluded. And there were tall trees all around. (Whispering) It was dead silent. Gorgeous. (Softly) And across the lake I saw…a beautiful woman…bathing herself…but she was crying…
 Joey:Whoa! What are you doing here? How did your date go?
 Joey:Hey! Look if it didn’t work it’s because you didn’t tell it right! Show me how you did it.
 Joey:How long since you’ve seen a girl naked?
 Joey:I’m not feeling it.
 Joey:No! No! No Ross! I’m not hot! Are you hot?
 Joey:Well you’re not selling the story! It’s like; it’s like you don’t believe it! Look I gotta go. I got a date but try this. Do what I do when I’m preparing for an audition. Okay? I’ll set you up with my video camera and you can record yourself and-and see what you’re doing wrong.
 Joey:All right now… All right you’re all set up. You’re good to go. Just hit record. All right?
 Joey:Good luck.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:(trying not to laugh) That means a lot to me man. (Exits.)
 Joey:Y’know what? This is not fair to her. Let’s just forget the tape!
 Joey:You’re right. (Mouths I know you’ll show me right?)
 Joey:Loud and clear! (Mouths You’ll show me and nods.)
 Joey:Y’know if they knew what they were doing they probably didn’t give you real names either.
 Joey:Oh yeah? (To Phoebe) Hi Ken Adams nice to meet you.
 Joey:Uh no Rach he’s gone. But listen he told us what happened and it does it sounds like an honest mistake.
 Joey:(confused) Are we watchin’ the tape or not?!
 Joey:(To Phoebe) I’m so happy!
 Joey:How do you know about that story?!
 Joey:(raises his hand) Some guy!! (Points to himself.)
 Joey:(raises his hand and points to himself again) Ken Adams!!
 Joey:(To Rachel) Okay let me just get changed and we can go to dinner.
 Joey:I’m not telling you’ll have to see it on TV!
 Joey:No couldn’t care less.
 Joey:Hey you too!
 Joey:What? You weren’t in it.
 Joey:Oh sorry. Uh-uh Kash?
 Joey:This is my friend Rachel. Rachel Kash Kash Rachel.
 Joey:(grabbing her) Here we go! Here we go! (Starts to pull her away from Kash.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh you know uh Kash really liked you the other day. He said he thought you were charming.
 Joey:Hey I’m with you. He even asked me if I thought you’d go out with him.
 Joey:I said no.
 Joey:What? I…I just figured since you’re pregnant you’re not gonna be seeing people.
 Joey:I didn’t tell him. I didn’t know if you were telling people. This is back when I thought Kash was still people.
 Joey:Rach look I really don’t think that’s such a great…
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:No. No. But I’ll go see a normal person movie with ya.
 Joey:It’s no Ukrainian film.
 Joey:I set her up with this actor on my show.
 Joey:No
 Joey:Well I was thinking that it’d probably be okay because Ross hasn’t gone out with Rachel in five years!
 Joey:Hey! I’m an (does the quote-marks thing as well) actor too! I’m not sure. I think they’re taking the ferry out to some Italian place on Staten Island.
 Joey:Are we talking about one of those big boats that carry cars that go like five miles an hour?
 Joey:Hey Kash. Uh hey-hey this is Ross. Ross this is Kash.
 Joey:So what movie do you want to see—And not another one I have to read. Okay? I get enough of that from books.
 Joey:All right car magazines cereal boxes but it’s like enough!
 Joey:And just wait for Rachel to come back from her date?
 Joey:Dude! What is going on?!
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:They go on one date and you’re worried about them getting married?! He’s not you!
 Joey:Well Ross what did you think she was gonna do?
 Joey:What do you mean?
 Joey:That’s a nice picture. Maybe you can still have that!
 Joey:Hey can I ask you something? In this in this picture of you and your wife is your wife Rachel?
 Joey:Good call. Yeah. But the face Ross the face isn’t Rachel.
 Joey:I know but I don’t think that’s what she wants.
 Joey:That’s okay Ross maybe you need a new picture. Okay? It’s not gonna be what you thought but no matter what there’s gonna be a brand new little baby your baby. Who cares what the picture looks like?
 Joey:Hey I tell you what. Let’s you and me go out and have some fun. Huh? Whatever you want. Come on!
 Joey:No I said fun!
 Joey:Look I’ll come to the party but I’m not dressing up.
 Joey:No way! Look Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up pretending to be someone you’re not…
 Joey:That hot girl from their wedding?
 Joey:Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes she could be a bikini model or a slutty nurse or a sexy cheerleader huh—Ooh-ooh Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre—No-no-no! Slutty Leatherface.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Yes I did! I’m Chandler. (Looks at Chandler) Dude what happened?
 Joey:Okay. I’m Chandler (makes a growling/gurgling sound at the end and the girls laugh.)
 Joey:When have I ever done that?! (And does the sound again.)
 Joey:(sees Ross) Hey all right Ross came as doody.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Exclusively.
 Joey:Catwoman hands down.
 Joey:But between you and Phoebe I’d have to give the edge to Phoebe.
 Joey:Are you kiddin’? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus she’s got this crazy temper. She—She’s not standing right behind me is she?
 Joey:I’m not sure.
 Joey:Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn’t matter.
 Joey:I would say Woman please!
 Joey:(To Monica) Here comes the temper.
 Joey:Okay here’s a good one for ya. Who do think would win in a fight between Ross and Chandler.
 Joey:So Ross?
 Joey:(To Monica) Hey-hey-hey I think we might find out the answer to our question.
 Joey:Monica and I were talking about who could kick whose ass in a fight you or Ross?
 Joey:So you think Ross too?
 Joey:Hey Monica! (Grabs her and pulls her into the living room.) People came to see a fight let’s give ‘em what they came for!
 Joey:Yeah. Listen to the slutty nurse.
 Joey:Seriously guys the trash talk is embarrassing.
 Joey:Rach?
 Joey:(entering) Pheebs come on! Bunny vs. Doody! We’re waiting! (They go inside.) (To Chandler and Ross.) Okay. Okay guys one match winner take all. (They grasp each other’s hand in preparation for battle.) Oh wait-wait! What does the winner get?
 Joey:(laughing) Okay if you say so. All right ready? Set! Go!
 Joey:Or equally weak.
 Joey:(to her) You’re a weird lady.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:That’s not so bad.
 Joey:Come on! You’re good with kids. They’re just crazy on Halloween. Y’know they’re all greedy and hopped up on sugar!
 Joey:Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas…and their birthdays. Kinda get a little crazy during the summer too. And anytime they’re hungry or sleepy. Y’know kids are tough. Good luck with that. (Walks away.)
 Joey:(entering) Hey Ross! Listen do you want to go see that new Imax movie on tide pools?
 Joey:(laughs) No. But I got Knicks tickets for you me and Chandler.
 Joey:All right well finish your coffee; let’s go.
 Joey:To tape the game? You do this every time Ross you’re not gonna be on TV!
 Joey:Oh you’re switching apartments?
 Joey:But Rachel has an apartment.
 Joey:She is?
 Joey:I guess I didn’t really think about it.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh okay. I…I ate way too much.
 Joey:Ooh. (Notices the pizza grabs a slice and takes a bite.) So umm I was talkin’ to Ross and he said you were looking for a new place.
 Joey:I was kinda hoping you’d stay.
 Joey:No room? It’s a baby. It’s like this big. (Holds his hands about a foot apart.) Y’know I mean you-you could you could put it over here. (A desk.) Or-or-or we could put it right here. (The chair.) Aw it’s cute right? Or-or we could put it over here. (By the bathroom door.) You wouldn’t even notice it. Where’s the baby? (Mumbles that it’s over in the corner.)
 Joey:I could use a challenge! It’s getting pretty easy.
 Joey:I love living with you so much. I just wish things didn’t have to change.
 Joey:Y’know I blame Ross for this.
 Joey:I’m gonna miss you you’re the hottest roommate I ever had.
 Joey:Hey! Uh this is just to give you an idea. Okay well we can put screens here (In front of the crib.) so that the baby has privacy and-and-and maybe a mobile over the crib. And uh—Oh look! Here’s a baby monitor (Holds it up) which until the baby comes we can use as walkie-talkies. Huh?
 Joey:Ahhhhhhhhhhhh…. That-that-that’s really just to show where the baby would go. Y’know why don’t I hold on to him so that there’s no confusion? (Takes him back sets him on the chair and apologizes to him.)
 Joey:I’m loud!
 Joey:I’m up all night!
 Joey:Hello!
 Joey:Look if I’m bringing home a woman who can’t stand being around a baby then maybe I don’t want to be with that woman! Or maybe we’ll just do it in the bathroom of the club!
 Joey:Yeah! All right—Look I know sometimes it’ll be hard okay? But it’ll also be really…really great. Please Rachel! I-I-I really want you to stay.
 Joey:Ohh!
 Joey:I know! I found it on the street.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I don’t know.
 Joey:Ew.
 Joey:Ooh! Ah! Okay! (Quickly drags the crib outside.)
 Joey:Isn’t that great?
 Joey:It’s a grand tradition!
 Joey:This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party but no I wasn’t allowed to. All I got was a stupid steak dinner!
 Joey:Oh yeah that was a pretty good night.
 Joey:So uh you and Mona been a while now. How’s it going?
 Joey:Hot?
 Joey:I’m gonna take that book and beat you to death with it.
 Joey:Will you let the lady talk?!
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:(on cell phone) I’m sorry I gotta cancel tonight baby…
 Joey:So you uh nervous about getting married?
 Joey:Look look let’s pretend it’s a real bachelor party. Okay? Y’know? Before your wedding. Come on it’ll be fun.
 Joey:How does it feel knowing you’re never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you’re gonna have to wake up to the same face everyday until you finally have the sweet release of death.
 Joey:That’s her! Okay come on! (They go over and open the door.)
 Joey:Uh that-that’s-that’s me!
 Joey:Joey Tribbiani a big fan.
 Joey:Why-why would she go in the bedroom?
 Joey:Yeah that’s one naked hooker!
 Joey:Wait! Wait! Maybe she’s a hooker and a stripper but she got confused about what she’s supposed to do.
 Joey:Maybe Monica’s playing a joke on ya. Y’know? Getting her own husband a hooker that’s pretty funny.
 Joey:I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was conveniently busy.
 Joey:(on machine) Hey Ross. It’s Joey. There’s a hooker over here and we thought maybe you’d know something about it.
 Joey:Maybe she meant to get you a hooker.
 Joey:Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything you’re really bad at y’know sexually?
 Joey:In a minute!
 Joey:All right all right maybe-maybe you should just ask her to leave.
 Joey:Hey! It’s your bachelor party.
 Joey:I don’t want to. You do it!
 Joey:You do it!
 Joey:I miss this.
 Joey:No I-I miss hanging out with you.
 Joey:Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be inseparable. Y’know now it’s like…things are different.
 Joey:Oh sure—And hey don’t get me wrong I am so happy for you guys. I just…I miss…hanging out…just-just us y’know?
 Joey:You got it. Come here. (They hug and are observed by the hooker.)
 Joey:(on phone) Hey! I do too think about the consequences of my decisions! (Listens) What gives you the right to… (Listens) Go to hell! (Hangs up the phone and opens the fridge.) Stupid guy on my phone.
 Joey:Hey Rach listen did you know that during pregnancy your fingers swell up to twice their size and never go back.
 Joey:(laughing) You fall for it every time!
 Joey:I just want you to say it once in a while.
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:Phoebe!
 Joey:No they’re not! They’re ugly and stupid and delicious!
 Joey:She is?
 Joey:Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.
 Joey:But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving! I mean Thanksgiving with no turkey is like-like Fourth of July with no apple pie! Or Friday with no two pizzas!
 Joey:No there won’t! I promise I will finish that turkey!
 Joey:That’s right! ‘Cause I’m a Tribbiani! (To Rachel) And this is what we do! I mean we may not be great thinkers or world leaders we don’t read a lot or run very fast but damnit! We can eat!
 Joey:Let me explain to you how the human body works. I have to warm my stomach first. Eatin’ chips is like stretching.
 Joey:Don’t worry Tribbianis never get full.
 Joey:(To Monica) Who the hell is this guy?
 Joey:Oh hey!
 Joey:That’s it?! Even if nobody helps me I can eat that no problem. At least give me a challenge!
 Joey:(quietly) Oh. How-how big is that?
 Joey:(To Rachel) It’s like me when I was born.
 Joey:(To Monica) Seriously who is this guy?
 Joey:I’m afraid I’m gonna need proof.
 Joey:You are my Everest.
 Joey:Oh yes I do. Otherwise what’s next? Today I’m just a guy who can’t finish a turkey but tomorrow I’m the guy who eats half a Powerbar wraps up the rest and puts in the fridge? No! No I just…I just—I gotta change my pants. (Gets up and heads for the door.) Jeans have no give. (Exits.)
 Joey:(entering wearing the maternity pants from earlier) All right where’s that turkey!
 Joey:Not now! These are my Thanksgiving pants!
 Joey:Well that’s it. I’m done. Whew! (Wipes his forehead.) There come the meat sweats. (Chandler hands him a towel and he wipes his face.)
 Joey:No just nobody press on my stomach.
 Joey:Whoa—hey—wh-wh-what do you got there? What is that? Pie?
 Joey:Ah just cut me a little sliver. (Monica prepares to cut a little sliver.) A little bigger. (Monica prepares to cut a bigger piece.) Little bigger. (Monica moves the knife again.) What?! Are you afraid you’re gonna run out?! Cut me a real piece!
 Joey:Oh hey Rach listen—Hi!
 Joey:Umm can you do me a favor? I was talkin’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…
 Joey:No-no-no-no-no-no not her not her. My youngest sister Dina she’s really interested in fashion and she wants to talk to someone successful y’know to give her some advice.
 Joey:Oh no-no-no-no she wants to talk to you!
 Joey:Okay so will you meet with her?
 Joey:Great! Thanks! You’re gonna love her so much. And—Oh she’s the smartest of all the Tribbiani children. Hey y’know the S.A.T’s?
 Joey:She took ‘em!
 Joey:(entering with Dina) Here she is! Future fashion superstar!
 Joey:My little sister Dina!
 Joey:This is so exciting for her. Well I’ll let you two fash…ists get down to business. (Exits.)
 Joey:Hey! It’s my fashion girls! (They don’t react.) What’s wrong?
 Joey:(concerned) Oh. What’s what’s going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad’s heart? Is that a sandwich?
 Joey:Is that a sandwich?!
 Joey:(angrily) What?!
 Joey:Well obviously this is a mistake! You can’t be pregnant! Because you have to have sex to get pregnant!
 Joey:(to Rachel) Bub!!! (Points at her and quiets Rachel.) (To Dina) I can’t believe this! You’re the good one! You went to college! Both years! Who did this to you?!
 Joey:You got pregnant for funny?! Dina…if he’s funny…laugh! All right I’ll be back in a little while! You stay here!
 Joey:I can’t look at you right now! (Exits and slams the door behind him.)
 Joey:Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved we are gathered here to join this man and this woman…
 Joey:Don’t interrupt me when I’m talkin’ to God! Now where were we? Oh right okay. Do you Dina take this man…
 Joey:Oh you’ll take ‘em!
 Joey:Hey! You don’t get a say in this!
 Joey:Ahhh! I heard I do we’re halfway there! Okay! (To Bobby) You!
 Joey:Well what am I supposed to do?
 Joey:No they can’t! They were stupid enough to get knocked up!
 Joey:Oh? Oh! Okay! Okay! Let’s hear their plan! Now what’s the future look like for Dina and Bobby?
 Joey:(to Dina) You were right. He is funny.
 Joey:Dina if you’re having a baby you should be married! Even if it is to Bobby! (Bobby gets happy.) Dude that’s not a compliment!
 Joey:So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You’re gonna have the baby and-and raise it by yourself…without a husband?! You can’t be a single mother alone! You’re gonna ruin your life!
 Joey:No! No! No! It’s different for you. You’re so strong and together. You’re not some dumb kid who doesn’t know what she’s doing.
 Joey:One pregnant woman at a time please! I just want you to be okay.
 Joey:Maybe! (To Bobby) Well! Well…so-so uh what kind of music does Numb Nuts—Oh forget it! I can’t!
 Joey:Because! ‘Cause… ‘Cause you’re my baby sister!
 Joey:Well I’d be scared of them but all right.
 Joey:Of course he’s gonna have his Uncle Joey!
 Joey:That’s right! By his uncle too!
 Joey:Come here! (Hugs Dina and Bobby looks to hug Rachel.)
 Joey:Oh uh ordinarily I would love too but I am just swamped right now. (Brushes something off of his shirt and looks around but doesn’t move from his chair.)
 Joey:I’m missin’ picture time?! (Jumps over to look Ross glares at him and he retreats.)
 Joey:(To Ross) Congratulations! You just got married!
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey hey that’s your wife you’re talking about!
 Joey:Who was that?
 Joey:You hung up on the pizza place? I don’t hang up on your friends.
 Joey:Oh what’s wrong?
 Joey:Then why did I ask?
 Joey:Is that college talk for horny?
 Joey:Good I uh I saw a pretty big pigeon.
 Joey:Yeah I gotta I gotta go to my room too.
 Joey:Good night. (They both enter their rooms.)
 Joey:(entering) I can’t do it!
 Joey:You’re Rachel!
 Joey:You’re my friend!
 Joey:But plus it would be wrong and weird and-and-and bad.
 Joey:I know!
 Joey:Do you wanna do it?
 Joey:All right me neither! I was just testing you!
 Joey:This conversation never happened!
 Joey:Good night!
 Joey:Get back in there! (Rachel re-enters her room and closes the door.)
 Joey:(To Rachel) Do you think he saw us or can we still sneak out?
 Joey:Oh! Hey Rach listen umm…
 Joey:I got a big date coming up do you know a good restaurant?
 Joey:Ooh great! Thanks!
 Joey:You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex I’ll tell ya…
 Joey:Hey y’know what?
 Joey:Why don’t I take you out?
 Joey:Yes I do! And we’re gonna go out we’re gonna have a good time and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching out…
 Joey:I’ll be fun.
 Joey:No I’m picking you up for our date. These are for you. (Hands her some flowers.)
 Joey:And a brownie! (Hands her a bag with the brownie in it.) Well half a brownie. Actually it’s just bag. It’s been a long walk from the flower shop and I was startin’ to feel faint so…
 Joey:Hey come on now this is a real date. Uh so…nice place you got here. Foosball huh? Pizza box. Oh a subscription to Playboy my kind of woman.
 Joey:I would like to meet him. He sounds like a stand up guy.
 Joey:Ah… Hey so this roommate of yours…is he good looking?
 Joey:Oh yeah it must be tough to keep your hands of him huh?
 Joey:No-no-no-no he’s not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come on!
 Joey:Y’know what? Bring her both and I’ll have the same. (The waitress leaves.)
 Joey:Oh whoa-whoa-whoa no roommate stuff. Okay? We’re on a date.
 Joey:No! No. Umm just myself and if they don’t like me for—(Laughs.) I’m sorry I couldn’t even get through that.
 Joey:Oh alright. Umm well okay I usually start by having a bottle of wine sent to my table from a fan.
 Joey:Well it does when you combine it with This is so embarrassing I just want to have a normal life!
 Joey:Oh okay how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night to kiss you but you’re so beautiful…I don’t think I can.
 Joey:Alright so…so tell me one of your moves.
 Joey:That’s your move? Boy Rach you’re lucky you’re hot.
 Joey:(exasperated) Queens.
 Joey:Yeah with my mom. Yeah not so much with my dad.
 Joey:I don’t know. I guess there’s just always been this distance y’know—I mean we both try to pretend it’s not there but it is.
 Joey:Yeah it is. It’s really tough. Y’know sometimes I think—Wow!! Nice move!
 Joey:Where’d you grow up it’s so simple!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yes I am! Again so simple!
 Joey:Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica Phoebe Chandler and Ross if you had to if you had to who would you punch?
 Joey:Chandler?
 Joey:Me too! Hey Rach can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
 Joey:I never laughed so hard—Did you see the wine come out of my nose?
 Joey:I gotta say I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so much.
 Joey:Huh. Huh.
 Joey:Ah! Okay well then you don’t judge me. I’m gonna suck on the cellophane from the brownie I had before. (They both do as they planned.)
 Joey:Ah well if I want the girl to kiss me first thing I do is make my lips look irresistible.
 Joey:Now you can’t tell anyone but uh…I put on shiny lip balm.
 Joey:Yeah like a moth to a flame I’m telling ya. Okay all right so now you go.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! (Rachel just looks at him.) I didn’t say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach just tell me!
 Joey:(stunned and turned on) Yeah. Why—Yeah that would work for ya…
 Joey:Oh. (She kisses him.) Yeah. (She goes into her room.) Me to. (He then starts to freak out.)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh yeah I still can’t believe you haven’t seen Cujo. What is wrong with you?
 Joey:Have you ever tried to sit through Citizen Kane?
 Joey:Oh yeah? All right let’s do it tonight.
 Joey:Oh right!
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out what was that?!
 Joey:Oh yeah-yeah the lobster.
 Joey:Yeah me too all night.
 Joey:Yeah well that’s because uh…I stayed in my room. Yeah you don’t want to look in my hamper.
 Joey:No-no! I’m fine. It’s just… Hey can I ask you something? Have you ever looked at someone that you’ve known for a while and then suddenly…suddenly see them a different way?
 Joey:Yeah. Yeah that…that’s exactly it. You’re right. Yeah.
 Joey:(deadpan) Ooh! Yeah. So yeah so you know exactly what I’m talking about.
 Joey:Oh yeah sure. (She gets up walks towards the bathroom and Joey watches her go.) Ehhh.
 Joey:(incredulous) Alone?!
 Joey:Hey did you get to the part where they’re trapped in the car and Cujo’s throwin’ himself at the windshield?
 Joey:Oh uh it didn’t work out.
 Joey:Oh uh okay. Yeah.
 Joey:Oh sure yeah why not? (Sits on the arm of the chair.)
 Joey:All right I know! I know. Yeah it’ll be okay.
 Joey:Terrified. (But for a totally different reason.)
 Joey:(thinking) All right. It’s a new day. All that stuff about Rachel you don’t feel that now. It was crazy! You’re fine. You’re better than fine! You are as your friend Tony would say Grrrreat! Everything’s normal! She’s just your friend Rachel! Your friend Rachel. Your friend! Rachel.
 Joey:(thinking) Hey it’s your girlfriend Rachel!
 Joey:(entering) Hey Chandler you got a minute? I-I really need to talk to you.
 Joey:Well neither.
 Joey:I don’t know. It’s-it’s just…lately I’ve been feeling… Okay here’s what it is… (Pause) You know what? I feel a lot better thanks! (Starts to leave)
 Joey:All right. Okay. You and Monica friends for a long time and sure there are rules but then you went to London. Oh no but that’s different. I mean there are rules there too! You know what I mean?
 Joey:It was different for you guys! I mean I mean you were both in the same place right?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:You know what? This is a bad idea. Forget it. Forget it and listen do me a favor this conversation was between you and me.
 Joey:Hey. Well what’s up?
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Whaaat?
 Joey:Oh my God. You do?
 Joey:I know. I know. And this is so much more complicated than it was for those guys. I mean it’s Rachel for God sakes.
 Joey:I know. I know. And she’s not only my friend; she’s my pregnant friend! She’s my pregnant friend who’s Ross’ ex!
 Joey:What am I going to do? You know and I keep I keep trying to get rid of these feelings y’know? I stayed up all last night and made a list of everything I don’t like about her. You want to hear it?
 Joey:She made me switch to light Mayo. That’s it! That’s all I got! And you know what? It tastes the same and my pants fit better!
 Joey:You think?
 Joey:Yeah just a crush! That’s all this is! It’s a crush! I’m Joey; I don’t get deep feelings.
 Joey:Not really.
 Joey:(from outside the bathroom) Hello?
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:(entering the bathroom) What are you guys doing in here?
 Joey:It’s no big deal okay? Phoebe and I talked about it. It’s just a crush! It’s going to go away! (Looks down) Dude you gotta rearrange your bubbles! Oh!
 Joey:(thinking) All right. It’s a new day and it’s just a crush that’s all! Just a little crush! All that worrying I was doing that was crazy. Crazy! Like my friend here the bird would say it was cuckoo! Everything’s going to be fine. It’s just a crush.
 Joey:(thinking) I love you.
 Joey:Oh okay okay! One more push! One more push! Come on honey we’re almost there! We’re almost there!
 Joey:Oh I love you too.
 Joey:That’s always appropriate! (Back to the matter at hand) Oh okay. One more push! One more push!
 Joey:What? What’s going on?
 Joey:Aaaah…
 Joey:Really?!
 Joey:Oh y’know what? Maybe uh you…you should come to me. I’m a not I’m not wearing any bottoms.
 Joey:Oh my oh my God!
 Joey:Mia Hamm?
 Joey:Oh that’s amazing. (Drops the sheet.)
 Joey:Whoa-hey-oh! Sorry!
 Joey:Hey Ross! The baby’s kicking!
 Joey:A dreamless sleep.
 Joey:Well I got stuff going on in here (Rubbing his belly) if you wanna feel.
 Joey:Wow! Can I get a copy of that?
 Joey:Whoa Monica runs a pretty tight ship over here. What are you doing?
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:I don’t know. Ooh I bet it’s Richard.
 Joey:Well off the top of my head uhh maybe she’s having her cake and eating it too. You being the cake and Richard being the too. Or!
 Joey:I saw this movie once where there was a door and no one knew what was behind it and when they finally got it open millions and millions and millions of bugs came pouring out and they feasted on human flesh. Y’know it wouldn’t kill ya to respect your wife’s privacy! (He walks away and into his apartment and looks the door.) Stupid closet full of bugs!
 Joey:Oh hey whoa-whoa don’t worry. Okay. When my sisters were pregnant they got every weird feeling in the book it was always nothing.
 Joey:Absolutely. But we’re gonna stop by the hospital just to be sure okay? I’ll page Ross on the way. Come on.
 Joey:Okay Rach-Rach-Rach look at me look at me everything’s gonna be fine trust me. Okay. Take my hand. Here we go. (Rachel grabs his hand.) Oww crushing bones!
 Joey:Hey! So?
 Joey:So but everything is normal.
 Joey:And-and there’s no danger to her and the baby?
 Joey:Calm?! I wasn’t calm! I’ve never been more scared in all my life!
 Joey:Well what do I know?! I’m not a doctor!
 Joey:You sure?!
 Joey:(seeing Ross) Oh hey-hey!
 Joey:Something called Braxton-Hicks contractions.
 Joey:Hey uh what’s with the candy?
 Joey:Oh hey don’t worry about it man. Don’t worry about it no big deal.
 Joey:Oh uh hey. Not as good as this guy! (Grabs Ross around the shoulders.) He brought Twizlers!
 Joey:Easy there Captain Kirk. Oh do you have a bobby pin?
 Joey:Then why do you throw like one?
 Joey:Sure. Monica.
 Joey:Uh really good. Really good. Yeah I should be ready to kill myself any day now. (Chandler returns with a bobby pin and hands it to Joey.) Wow you sure found that quick. (He tries the pin in the lock.) I just—I wish I didn’t feel this way about Rachel anymore y’know? I wish things could go back to normal. I mean I love living with her and God helping out with the baby is just amazing but now I think…I think Ross feels left out. Y’know? When I had to take Rachel to the hospital the doctor thought I was the father. God… You should’ve seen the look on Ross’s face. (Pause) By the way I have no idea what I’m doing here. For all I know I’m just locking it more. Oh hey did you try opening it with a credit card?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh I just…I feel terrible.
 Joey:What’s going on?
 Joey:Pickle? Pickles make her sick. Giving her pickles is like giving me salad.
 Joey:I’m on it! (Takes a bite out of the sandwich.)
 Joey:Dude relax! It could happen to anyone.
 Joey:Hey uh can I can I talk to you guys for a second?
 Joey:Uh sit down. I wanna talk about our situation.
 Joey:The thing is…’cause I live with Rachel I’m here for a lot of the stuff okay? (To Rachel) And Ross…Ross is missing everything. So…
 Joey:Maybe you two should live together.
 Joey:Oh no-no no-no I love living with you. It just seems that…if you’re gonna have a roommate y’know it might as well be the father.
 Joey:All right now so? What do you think?
 Joey:Well I was due.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Well uh I wanted to have a few beers but uh I got rid of those because Rachel couldn’t stand the smell of them. But I have thrown back a lot of orange juice with calcium though. And uh it’s a couple weeks past it’s expiration date so it’s got a bit of a kick.
 Joey:Are you kidding me? I’m great! Yeah I’m uh; I’m better than great. I am good. And now that she’s gone I can uh I can do all this stuff around here that I couldn’t do before. Y’know? Like umm I can walk around naked again. Y’know? I can uh I can watch porn in the living room. Right? This is uh this is good for me. Y’know? I like being on my own I’m uh better off this way. I’m uh a lone wolf. Y’know? A loner. Alone. All alone. Forever. What’s a wolf got to do to get a huh around here?! (Chandler rushes over and hugs him.)
 Joey:Hey so uh how’s it going living over at Ross’?
 Joey:Bye.
 Joey:There’s one lucky to-go cup of coffee.
 Joey:Thanks. But maybe later.
 Joey:You know what I want? I want a lot of things! I want to be with the woman I love on Valentine’s Day! And I want her to love me back! And I want just one moment of relief from the gut-wrenching pain of knowing that that’s never going to happen!
 Joey:Oh okay.
 Joey:No I’m not sleeping with your friend Jane again.
 Joey:Hey! A dog! Hi! Who you got to admit looks a lot like Jane.
 Joey:Thanks so much Pheebs! (to the dog) We are going to have so much fun yes we are! (the dog sticks his head between Joey’s legs) Oh! Not that kind of fun.
 Joey:Get the ball ready? Get the ball get the ball! (Joey pretends to throw it but really doesn’t and the dog goes running off.) Well you’re cute but you’re not too smart!
 Joey:(looking at the ball the dog brought back) Did I just throw this?
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:Oh that’s uh that’s Phoebe’s friend’s dog. I don’t know what his real name is but I call him Mozzarella.
 Joey:(to the dog) C’mere. Hey. C’mere. That’s Rachel. She’s the one who used to live here. Might as well be honest with you—we love her. But we can’t have her. I really miss her. Well hey you understand right? You’re a guy. (thinks about it and picks up the dog and looks) Well you used to be.
 Joey:So between her and me being friends and her history with Ross it just isn’t going to happen. It would be like you falling in love with a cat.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Yeah sure. Go ahead. (pause) Oh me right!
 Joey:Nothing. We just talked about stuff.
 Joey:Rachel stuff.
 Joey:He’s breathing!
 Joey:No no no no! He’s fine! Look look look! (picks up the ball) Here’s your ball! Get your ball! Get your ball! (he throws the ball and it bounces right next to the dog) Get your ball! My God what have I done to you huh? I broke the dog! Pheebs I broke the dog!
 Joey:Hey what’s up?
 Joey:Oh man I’m sorry. Why?
 Joey:Still that really sucks man. Especially on Valentine’s Day.
 Joey:Sort of.
 Joey:You don’t have to seem so happy about it.
 Joey:Oh I…I d—
 Joey:Forget about it. It’s no big deal.
 Joey:It’s nothing.
 Joey:Okay uh…sit down. (they do) Um… there’s this woman that I like. A lot. But uh…it can’t happen.
 Joey:No!
 Joey:Yes.
 Joey:Sometimes I think maybe she could. But it doesn’t matter because I can’t do anything about it.
 Joey:Well it’s complicated. She’s with this other guy. For a long time. Someone from work too. And I could never do that to the guy because we’re really good friends.
 Joey:No. I don’t think so.
 Joey:Yeah he’s the best.
 Joey:Oh I don’t know.
 Joey:I do! So much! I can’t stop thinking about her! I can’t sleep I—
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:It’s Rachel.
 Joey:There’s this woman that I like.  A lot.  Well it’s complicated.  She’s with this other guy.  For a long time.  And I could never do that to the guy y’know?  ’Ccause we’re really good friends.
 Joey:Yeah he’s the best.
 Joey:Oh I don’t know.
 Joey:I do! So much! I can’t stop thinking about her! I can’t sleep I—
 Joey:It’s Rachel.
 Joey:Yes.
 Joey:Yes. I like Rachel.
 Joey:(startled) Yeah okay but look buy uh—Hey-hey y’know y’know who else I like? You! And it-it doesn’t get said enough. I like you Ross.
 Joey:Yeah but it’s not a big deal.
 Joey:I’m an actor y’know? As-as a group we tend to be over dramatic.
 Joey:Look no I-I know it’s bad and I know it’s wrong. Okay? But-but it’s not like anything’s ever gonna happen. Y’know? These-these are just feelings they’re gonna go away.
 Joey:Oh come on Ross! Hey Ross-Ross don’t…
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Look I understand if you came by to hit me I deserve it.
 Joey:Oh what then? Kick me?
 Joey:(getting worried) Bite me?
 Joey:Oh now—Hey Ross-Ross! Do you wanna-wanna come in for a beer or something?
 Joey:Do uh do you got any beer? All-all I got is this melon stuff that Rachel left. I don’t…
 Joey:(pouring two glasses) Hey look Ross you need to understand something okay? I uh…I am never gonna act on this Rachel thing okay? I-I would never do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you. (He hands Ross a glass.)
 Joey:Anyway it uh…look it’ll just…take me a while to get over her that’s all. I’m not even sure how to do that I mean I’ve never been in love before so…
 Joey:Yeah I thought you knew that.
 Joey:Wow. Hey look if it helps I don’t want to feel this way. Honest. I just keep thinking Ah I’ll get over this. Y’know? I just—It just keeps gettin’ harder. I don’t I don’t know what to do. Y’know? What do I do?
 Joey:Okay that’s the green stuff talkin’.
 Joey:But what if uh—and I’m not saying she will be—But…
 Joey:Are you sure?
 Joey:Hey thanks.
 Joey:Oh my God I have to tell her! I haven’t even thought about what I will say. What should I say?
 Joey:I’m sorry you’re right. What am I gonna say? (He takes another sip of the green stuff and recoils at the taste.) Oh!
 Joey:Okay. Okay I can do this. I can tell her how I feel. Just uh just stand up straight. (Does so.) Take a couple deep breaths. (Does so.) Look confident. (Does so as Rachel opens the door and startles him.)
 Joey:I uh I just came by because I-I want to talk to you about something.
 Joey:Here? In the hall? What are we animals?
 Joey:Okay umm I just came by to tell you that I…want to have dinner with you tonight. That’s all.
 Joey:Okay. That’s good. Okay that give you a couple hours to prepare what you’re gonna say. Good. Yeah. (Someone comes out of his apartment and it startles Joey again.) Don’t you people ever knock?!
 Joey:What? Yeah! Sure! Uh look at the uh the reason…(Exhales slowly)—Is it hot in here?
 Joey:I would but this is a nice place and my T-shirt has a picture of Calvin doing Hobbs.
 Joey:Yeah. Sure. (They both half stand up Joey pulls the neck of his sweater out and Rachel looks down it to see his T-shirt.)
 Joey:Uh… How long have we known each other?
 Joey:Uh-huh long time.
 Joey:But over the past few weeks…
 Joey:Actually uh could you give us a second?
 Joey:I’m not quite sure.
 Joey:Yeah here we are. Uhh… I… I think I’m…falling in love with you.
 Joey:I’m falling in love with you.
 Joey:Does it really matter?
 Joey:Okay look Rach I know this is a lot. You don’t have to say anything. You-you uh you take as much time as you need. (Long pause as Rachel says nothing.) Okay you gotta say something!
 Joey:But. (Hangs his head down.)
 Joey:Yeah-yeah right. That’s okay. That’s fine. That’s uh pretty much what I was expecting. So uh it’s no big deal. All right? I think I’m gonna go. (Stands up.)
 Joey:Don’t start doing that. You can’t do that Rach ‘cause then you’re gonna make me do that. (Starts to cry.) Oh here we go! (Sits down next to her.)
 Joey:Sure!
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey hey! You can’t. Okay? Ever!
 Joey:Oh no-no Rach please don’t be sorry. Okay? Don’t be sorry. (They hug again.) Y’know I was only kidding you.
 Joey:(hearing Rachel and jumping up with his plate) Oh God! That’s Rachel!
 Joey:No-no I can’t! I can’t! Not after the other night it’s just it’s…too weird okay? Don’t tell her I’m here! (Turns to run to the bathroom and his bagel falls off the plate onto the floor.) Don’t eat that! (Runs to the bathroom as Rachel enters.)
 Joey:Yeah a naked bagel game? (Picks up his dropped bagel.) (To Chandler) Dude I don’t know. That’s a pretty small hole.
 Joey:I can’t! Y’know? You guys don’t know what it’s like to put yourself out there like that and just get shot down.
 Joey:All right so so what do I do?
 Joey:Yeah. Okay. (Goes to take a bite out of the previously mentioned bagel.) Whoa! (Stops.) I almost forgot this was on your…
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:So you uh have a…big work problem?
 Joey:Huh. Okay. (Awkward silence.) So uh I think I’m gonna take off.
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:Yeah?
 Joey:What?! Oh my-oh my God!
 Joey:What he wants to buy your baby?!
 Joey:That’s crazy!
 Joey:Okay how did this even happen?
 Joey:Man! When you said it was a problem about your boss and the baby I figured it was something about maternity leave.
 Joey:Do you think you can just buy my friends baby?!
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Not a problem. Oh and just so you know that guy’s not going to be bothering you about that baby thing anymore.
 Joey:Let’s just say I took care of it.
 Joey:Don’t worry! Don’t worry. I just told him very nicely You don’t go buying people’s babies so back off!!
 Joey:What?! Why?!
 Joey:And you couldn’t think of anything else?!
 Joey:You lied to me!
 Joey:So? What-what-what happened?
 Joey:I know. I know.
 Joey:Hey you’re right. Yeah it’s kinda been like us again a little bit.
 Joey:Me too. I mean I…haven’t thought at all about how I put myself out there and said all that stuff and how you didn’t feel the same way about me and-and how it was really awkward.
 Joey:So who’s the guy?
 Joey:Well I can promise you at least one person will be crying. (Points to himself) I’m an actor and any actor worth himself can cry on cue. (snaps fingers)
 Joey:Are you kidding me? Watch! (Makes funny faces trying to cry) Well I can’t do it with you guys watching me!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah yeah in honor of their 35th wedding anniversary I had a star named after them.
 Joey:And I got them a book on Karma Sutra for the elderly.
 Joey:I have to go to the bathroom too but I don’t want him complimenting my thing.
 Joey:I know
 Joey:Yeah uh Phoebe! Look umm I want to apologize about before okay? We were being jerks. Parker’s a nice guy and I’d like to get to know him.
 Joey:Why?
 Joey:What-what?
 Joey:I know I’m having the worst time. There was a 15-minute line for the buffet and when I finally got up to the plates I slipped on a giant booger!
 Joey:I guess it could’ve been I didn’t really look at it. Y’know I just wiped it on Chandler’s coat and got the hell out of there.
 Joey:Oh hey you should be excited about him. There’s nothing wrong with him he’s a good guy.
 Joey:Yeah. Ya know what I think; I think we were all just being too negative.
 Joey:Actually you have a little bit of an edge.
 Joey:Nothing…
 Joey:(reading) Three down Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That’s me!! I’m blank!!
 Joey:Yeah you are baby.
 Joey:No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me but I said no.
 Joey:Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines and then the writers got mad and made my character fall down the elevator shaft. So who knows what I might say this time.
 Joey:Fine! All right I’ll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y’know start to say something stupid.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Oh not at all. Happy to do it.
 Joey:(laughs) Actually I didn’t know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn’t have mattered I’m doing this for the fans not for the free food.
 Joey:And I’ll have all the muffins.
 Joey:(He goes into a song and dance number)
 Joey:Oh you said it Mike. (Rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! Theres got to be a better way!
 Joey:(finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow it is easy. (Starts to poor the milk) Now I can have milk everyday.
 Joey:Yeah I guess it is. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship (Smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling and a ladder comes down with flashing colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return 200 years from now you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (Gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up because Adrienne… baby…I’m gonna want to meet her.
 Joey:Shh OK here I come here I come. See Im comin to fix the copier I cant get to the copier Im thinkin what do I do what do I do…so I just watch em have sex. And then I say wait heres my line (Joey from TV) you know thats bad for the paper tray.
 Joey:Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait you see me again. Hang on the guys butts blockin me. There I am there I am there I am there I am there I am…
 Joey:Well there are so many things it’s hard to pick just one.
 Joey:(drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names their boat Coast Guard anyway?
 Joey:What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there. (Points to the coast.)
 Joey:(To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!
 Joey:Dude stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
 Joey:I think you’re right.
 Joey:One.
 Joey:That’s kinda nice.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Yeah!!
 Joey:In my spare time I uh read to the blind. And I’m also a mento for the kids.(The gang shake their heads.) Y’know a mento a role model. (Chandler bites his fist to keep from talking.)
 Joey:Right.
 Joey:Matter of fact I do.
 Joey:Uh we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise.
 Joey:Wow! You realize that weve been throwing this ball without dropping it for like an hour?
 Joey:Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didnt want to say anything cause I didnt want to jinx it.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Oh I-I I think thats the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah my pants are a little loose!
 Joey:Nothing! Well I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before then I uh passed out and uh haven’t been able to stand up since. But um I don’t think it’s anything serious.
 Joey:No way! ‘Kay look if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.) Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
 Joey:I like it.
 Joey:What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Goooooood.
 Joey:The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts ice cream limes—Hey what was in that brown jar?
 Joey:Not anymore.
 Joey:(pulls out a fork) All right what are we havin’? (Starts digging in.)
 Joey:Uhh I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know just everything in moderation.
 Joey:I’ll take those to go. (To the interviewer) For the kids.
 Joey:It was so stupid I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn’t have said. But believe me that’s not gonna happen today.
 Joey:Well I said that I… (The gang jumps up and interrupts him.)
 Joey:You guys this is Shelley she’s interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest and Shelley this are my friends…
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:No thanks.
 Joey:How come you have two?
 Joey:Get out.
 Joey:Wow is this friendship? I think so. Check it out were bracelet buddies.
 Joey:No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.
 Joey:Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!
 Joey:Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
 Joey:I know.
 Joey:All right don’t waste it I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
 Joey:Wow you are a good friend course the audition was this morning and I didnt get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
 Joey:All right. Lets get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket thats over the duck and the laundry basket thats over the chicken.) And theyre off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick stopping it from moving.)
 Joey:Judge rules no violation.
 Joey:And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
 Joey:Judge rules Nutter-Butter.
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
 Joey:That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too I’d pee on anyone of you!
 Joey:Umm no. No best friend no. Just a lot of close friends.
 Joey:Really? Me? Wow! I don’t even know any huge gay people!
 Joey:What? Are you referring to my mans bag? At first I thought it just looked good but its practical too. Check it out! Its got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
 Joey:I think face to face.
 Joey:Face to face yeah!
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:(grunting) Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!
 Joey:Y’know when we talked about face to face I don’t think we thought it all the way through.
 Joey:Hey Pheebs! (He sits down next to her.)
 Joey:Check it out. (He turns around pulls down his pants and shows Phoebe that he’s got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
 Joey:No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.
 Joey:It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it… Oh My God I’m a woman!!!
 Joey:Great nap.
 Joey:Uh me? Gay? No! No. No but I have a number of close friends who are. (Chandler and Ross look at each other.)
 Joey:Oh-oh-oh-oh how I do it is I look a woman up and down and say Hey how you doin’?
 Joey:(to Phoebe) Hey how you doin’?
 Joey:Hey! How you doin’?
 Joey:I’d love to show ya but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch lands on the car cover and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
 Joey:Hey (in the Joey voice) how you doin’?
 Joey:Oh! I see what happened. Its because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me youd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
 Joey:Oh I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
 Joey:What?!?! Oh dear God!
 Joey:Not much to tell there I’m really shy.
 Joey:Oh great! Great! Thank you. (They shake hands.)
 Joey:Bye-bye. (The interviewer leaves and he sits down with the rest of the gang.) I did it!
 Joey:Oh I don’t watch soap operas. Excuse me I have a life y’know?
 Joey:Oh good to know. (The interviewer leaves.) So close!
 Joey:Yeah I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.
 Joey:Little bit yeah.
 Joey:Oh yeah that’s just a little something for my huge gay fan base. (Winks at him.)
 Joey:Hey you’re the one that loves the picture.
 Joey:Oh no I can’t go. I’m practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.
 Joey:Yeah-yeah and if I get it by day I’ll (In a sexy voice) Dr. Drake Remoray but by night I’ll be (In an announcer’s voice) Joey Trrrribbiani!
 Joey:But the audition’s in a couple hours and I don’t even understand the game.
 Joey:Oh really? That’d be great! You guys can be the contestants!
 Joey:(announcer voice) All right! Let’s play Bamboozled!
 Joey:Yeah isn’t that a cool name?
 Joey:All right. Uhh okay. Our first contestant is Ross Geller. Why don’t you tell us a little something about you Ross?
 Joey:I said a little bit Ross. Now how about you Chandler?
 Joey:Excellent! Let’s play Bamboozled! Chandler you’ll go first. What is the capital of Columbia?
 Joey:It’s Ba-go-ta but close enough. Now you can either pass your turn to Ross or pick a Wicked Wango card.
 Joey:I should know that. Let’s see just one moment please. Umm here we are a Wicked Wango card determines whether you go higher or lower.
 Joey:This is embarrassing. (Looks it up.)
 Joey:All right Ross you’re in the lead would you like to take another question or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
 Joey:Okay this is gonna be tough. Hold your breath.
 Joey:No dude you gotta hold your breath until you’re ready to answer the question.
 Joey:Okay what do you have a fear of if you suffer from this phobia Tris…Holy cow that’s a big word. Trisc… Seriously look at this thing. Chandler how do you say that?
 Joey:This one right here. (Ross whines.)
 Joey:No! No fear of the number 13.
 Joey:All right Chandler you’re up.
 Joey:All right. Chandler you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.
 Joey:You-you must choose Mr. Bing.
 Joey:Choose you jackass!
 Joey:Okay you picked the Gimmie card! You get all of Ross’s points!
 Joey:(To Chandler) In what John Houston film would you hear this line Badges? We don’t need no stinkin’ badges!
 Joey:Correct! There’s a possible backwards bonus!
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:Wise choice how many rungs?
 Joey:(makes a sound like a monkey) That noise can only me one thing.
 Joey:Okay it’s an audio question name this television theme song. (Starts humming the theme to I Dream of Genie.)
 Joey:Yes! Yes you’re back in the lead!
 Joey:All right! All right! Uh umm Super-Speedy Speed round!
 Joey:Of course!
 Joey:Who invented bifocals?
 Joey:Correct! Which monarch has ruled Great Britain the longest?
 Joey:Correct again! But you forgot to switch legs between questions so no hopping bonus!
 Joey:Now over to Chandler.
 Joey:Are you sure?
 Joey:Oh my God! Congratulations Ross because Chandler you’ve been Bamboozled!
 Joey:(announcer voice) It’s a pleasure to meet you Ray.
 Joey:(announcer voice) Rightie-O Ray!
 Joey:(to the camera) Hello I’m Joey Tribbiani! Let’s play Bamboozled! Erin you get the first question! In hockey who is known as The Great One?
 Joey:Correct! Now would you like to pick a Wicked Wango card or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
 Joey:What—Why?!
 Joey:Well what’s complicated? You spin the Wheel of Mayhem to go up the Ladder of Chance. You go past the Mud Hut through the Rainbow Ring to get to the Golden Monkey; you yank his tail and boom! You’re in Paradise Pond!
 Joey:Well what’s fun about that? You expect me to be the host of a boring game that’s just people standing around answering questions?
 Joey:(announcer voice to the camera) Let’s play Bamboozled!
 Joey:Man this is bad! And I’ve had my share of bad reviews. I still remember my first good one though. (Quoting) Everything else in this production of Our Town was simply terrible. Joey Tribbiani was abysmal.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah Monica! You listen to me okay? And I’m not just saying this because I’m your friend I’m sayin’ it ‘cause it’s the truth. You’re food is abysmal!
 Joey:(entering) Hey uh Monica I can’t remember. Did we say we were gonna meet here or at the movies?
 Joey:Okay I’ll see you there. (Starts to leave)
 Joey:Sure I can hang out ‘til I have to meet ya. (To Chandler) What uh—How come you’re not going?
 Joey:I thought you already have a job.
 Joey:Wow! How do you know how to do that?!
 Joey:What is it?
 Joey:You cooked him?
 Joey:Either eat it or be in it.
 Joey:Thata girl! Huh? We should get out of here; there’s a new class comin’ in.
 Joey:Hi.
 Joey:When you say used do you mean eat as a pre-cooking snack?
 Joey:Cheese makes me thirsty.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:I can an A? In-in school? (To Joey) Hey I’m a dork.
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I don’t want to go. I’m having fun.
 Joey:Hey-hey-hey if my friend says it’s time to go it’s time to go. (Starts to leave but comes back for his cookies.)
 Joey:Well I had a great time! Learned how to bake ate great food that’s the first A I’ve gotten since seventh grade and I didn’t have to sleep with the teacher this time.
 Joey:What the hell!
 Joey:Yeah this was a stupid idea. (Exits.)
 Joey:Oh it’s a poster for that World War I movie that I’m in check it out.
 Joey:Uh-huh! I know. I’m coming soon to a theater near you! I’m in THX! I’m unsuitable for children!
 Joey:Yeah yeah it’s already generating Oscar buzz.
 Joey:I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you’re all invited! (They all gasp.)
 Joey:Sure! Why not?!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:One guest? You told me I can have six tickets!
 Joey:Oh my God. So that’s it?! I only get to bring one guest?
 Joey:(to Monica Chandler and Phoebe) Did you hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere. So some how I have to pick between you three and Ross.
 Joey:You said you didn’t want to go.
 Joey:Definitely not invisible.
 Joey:Well uh…I think I want to take Chandler.
 Joey:Yeah! Yeah! I mean I’m sorry I wish I can take everybody but y’know Chandler always supported my career. He’s paid for acting classes and head shots and stuff and well this will be my way of paying you back.
 Joey:It’s not just the stuff he paid for I mean it’s-it’s everything. Y’know? He read lines with me. He-he went with me on auditions when I was really nervous and then he consoled me after I didn’t get parts that I really wanted. You always believed in me man. Even even when I didn’t believe in myself.
 Joey:Thanks. That means a lot to me.
 Joey:(in a manly voice) I’m gonna go shave. (Gets up.)
 Joey:A little tall.
 Joey:Do you mind crouching down a little bit so that I look taller? (Chandler does so) There you go. (And they walk down the red carpet.)
 Joey:(onscreen) I thought I knew who the enemy was but it was you all along.
 Joey:(To Chandler) Okay this is it. It’s my big fight scene coming up. (He looks over and Chandler and notices that he’s asleep.)
 Joey:You liked it? You really liked it?
 Joey:Which part exactly?
 Joey:Oh no-no-no give me some specifics.
 Joey:Hey what about the scene with the kangaroo? Did-did you like that part?
 Joey:You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn’t take any of my suggestions! That’s for coming buddy. I’ll see you later. (Starts to walk out.)
 Joey:Hey! Sleeping beauty!
 Joey:(in a baby voice) Oh no were you upset? Did you lose sleep?
 Joey:Uh-huh look the only reason I can over here was to settle things between us! Okay? You’ve done a lot for me and my career I wanted to pay you back so I took you to the premiere but you missed it! Okay so how much do I owe you?
 Joey:Give me a number I don’t want to owe you anything!
 Joey:Ah-ah-ah! We’re doing this! Okay now you got me my first set of head shots. Right how much were those?
 Joey:Okay five hundred dollars. What else?
 Joey:Okay so that’s another five hundred. Five hundred and five hundred that’s… (Pauses to figure it out.)
 Joey:Please!
 Joey:All right what else?
 Joey:Which we’re still keeping under our hats!
 Joey:What the hell are you talking about (in a Jamaican accent) The south will rise again man.
 Joey:Yeah. Okay what else? Rent!
 Joey:Okay. Okay so I’m writing you a check for…So you fell asleep during my movie. Big deal right? How do you clear this thing?
 Joey:Hey! You made it!
 Joey:You’re ready to have a baby? My boy’s all grown up!
 Joey:(voice all high and weird) What?! Are you crazy?!
 Joey:God. He’s crazy! Why doesn’t he want to be with Rachel?
 Joey:I mean seriously she’s like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down but if she hadn’t and wanted to be with me I would take her in my arms and… (Realizes everyone is staring.) I haven’t bummed you guys out like this in a while have I?
 Joey:Come on you stupid machine! Come on!
 Joey:(looking at her) No.
 Joey:All right.
 Joey:Hey I got one! I got one!
 Joey:(standing behind her) Uh you gotta press the button. (Does so.)
 Joey:(walks up) Uh she’s with me. (Introduces himself) Dr. Drake Remoray.
 Joey:Remoray. It’s Portuguese. We need that information; I’m a doctor.
 Joey:Damnit woman we’re losing precious time! Now do you want this man’s blood on your head?
 Joey:Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant described is staying in. He’s a patient of mine I’ve been treating him for years!
 Joey:816 thank you!
 Joey:And what is his name?
 Joey:Great! Go get him.
 Joey:(looks in the window) He’s not really my type.
 Joey:But you said he was this great guy!
 Joey:You do attract some stinkers.
 Joey:Hi! I’m Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few routine questions I need to ask you.
 Joey:I know but I’m a neurologist. And just to be on the safe side Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he sent me.
 Joey:That was a test. Good response. All right full name.
 Joey:Date of birth?
 Joey:Age?
 Joey:I’m a doctor Cliff not a mathematician.
 Joey:Okay. And uh are you married.
 Joey:Oh really? So 33 and still single would you say you have commitment issues?
 Joey:(checking the list) Yes.
 Joey:Oh that’s terrible. I’m-I’m really sorry.
 Joey:Hmm. Do you sleep with women and never call them again?
 Joey:Excellent! Excellent! And uh finally are you into any weird stuff y’know sexually?
 Joey:Oooh wrong answer. (Exits.)
 Joey:Uh well he’s 33.
 Joey:A widower.
 Joey:He seemed like a stand up guy. Oh and he’s not into anything weird sexually.
 Joey:(entering) Rachel’s having her baby!! (Phoebe turns and looks at him.) Which is of no interest to me I’m a neurologist.
 Joey:Fake? Excuse me? Hello? (Taps the TV screen.)
 Joey:Uh if I may? Umm-umm look Cliff you told me a lot of personal stuff about you right? And maybe-maybe it would if-if would help if-if you knew some personal stuff about her. Uh she was married to a gay ice dancer. Uh she gave birth to her brother’s triplets. Oh! Oh! Her-her twin sister used to do porn!
 Joey:Right!
 Joey:Me neither.
 Joey:There she is!
 Joey:(taking the baby) She looks so real! (The gang looks at him.) Y’know what I mean! She’s this whole tiny little person. She already has eyelashes and knees and…uh-oh.
 Joey:Oh no-no no for I second there I counted six fingers but one was from the other hand so we’re good.
 Joey:What’s the matter now?
 Joey:What was the other one Ross?
 Joey:Hey. I just saw a woman breast feeding both of her twins at the same time; it is like a freak show up here. (Notices she’s wiping her eyes.) What’s the matter?
 Joey:What is it? Hey!
 Joey:Rach come on what?
 Joey:What are you talking about alone? What about Ross?
 Joey:Okay how long was I watching that woman?
 Joey:Yeah I guess so.
 Joey:Hey listen to me listen to me…you are never ever gonna be alone. Okay? I promise that’s not gonna happen.
 Joey:You don’t have to worry about that okay?
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:My God.
 Joey:Uh… Look Rach…(Ross enters.) Hey Ross is here! Hey look! It’s my good friend Ross. Hey Ross.
 Joey:Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross but I’m really more of a candy guy. (Laughs.)
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Oh I’m sorry. I meant no.
 Joey:Oh hey but before you guys do that (To Rachel) I need to talk to you and Ross I need to talk to you.
 Joey:(taking Chandler aside) Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second?
 Joey:Dude I just did something terrible.
 Joey:No! No that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!
 Joey:Because it kinda looked like I did.
 Joey:Okay well I was down on one knee with the ring in my hand…
 Joey:It wasn’t my ring! It fell out of Ross’s jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
 Joey:I guess.
 Joey:I know! I know it’s awful.
 Joey:(happily) She said yes.
 Joey:Oh God what the hell am I going to tell him?
 Joey:Oh I like that. Yeah…
 Joey:(laughs) Now let’s not get carried away. (He walks away as Monica comes over and hugs Chandler from behind.)
 Joey:(entering) Oh uh hey Pheebs. Uh y’know what? I’ll-I’ll come back later. (He goes to leave but runs into Ross who’s entering.)
 Joey:It can’t be me I’m standing right here.
 Joey:(To Ross) We’re not peeking? (Follows him.)
 Joey:Hey uh is it okay to come in?
 Joey:Yeah uh look Rach there’s something I gotta tell ya.
 Joey:(watching) Yowsa! (Looks away.)
 Joey:Dear Lord.
 Joey:Oh uh-uh yeah I think that…
 Joey:Y’know I don’t really know her.
 Joey:(To God) Are you kidding me?!
 Joey:I don’t know! Maybe she’s crazy! (Storms out.)
 Joey:No! She had the ring on she seemed so excited and then she took her breast out.
 Joey:I didn’t look at it. Stupid baby’s head was blocking most of it.
 Joey:Look it’s not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don’t want to hurt her.
 Joey:You’re right. You’re right. I-I’ll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I’ll be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh by the way. Two people screwing in there (Points to the closet Chandler and Monica were in) if you want to check that out.
 Joey:I can come back.
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Actually technically I didn’t.
 Joey:No! No and I did not ask her to marry me!
 Joey:No I didn’t!
 Joey:No I didn’t!
 Joey:Ahhh!
 Joey:Yeah. Yeah that looks bad. But I didn’t…I didn’t propose!
 Joey:Okay the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
 Joey:No I didn’t!
 Joey:No I didn’t!
 Joey:Well I tried but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
 Joey:(To Ross) I’ll tell you about it later. Be cool.
 Joey:It wasn’t my ring! It’s Ross’s ring! That’s why I felt so bad Rach because he was going to propose.
 Joey:Well this is awkward. {See? I told you so.}
 Joey:Dude step up! I proposed.
 Joey:Oh that’s right. There’s a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier.
 Joey:I can’t believe you’re not going to propose!
 Joey:Oh yeah dude I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
 Joey:(looking at the ceiling) Ah it’s beautiful.
 Joey:Y’know what you guys? I’m uh I’m gonna go too. And uh I’m sorry about everything.
 Joey:No Rach I should’ve told you sooner. It’s just that…Man! That kid is going to town! (Joey makes his awkward exit.)
 Joey:(Enters) Hey you guys I’m gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know say goodbye.
 Joey:(He looks around the room) This isn’t the right room sorry folks. (leaves)
 Joey:Why’re you so tired?
 Joey:You know what you should’ve done you should have told yourself that little story.
 Joey:Hey so where’s Ross?
 Joey:Is he still mad at us?
 Joey:That’s not fair! I can’t do that.
 Joey:See this is what I was afraid of I didn’t think I should be here either but somebody (Looks at Chandler) said he’d be over it by now.
 Joey:(entering) Hey. (Ross turns to see who it is and seeing it’s Joey he just ignores him and turns back around.) Ross I know you’re pissed at me but we have to talk about this.
 Joey: Fine fine okay.  But I gotta say technically I didn’t even do anything wrong.
 Joey:I said I didn’t technically.
 Joey:Look can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this (Makes quote marks with his fingers.) I don’t really know what that means. (Ross just looks at him) You were saying?
 Joey:I know I should’ve. (Makes quote marks again.) I’m sorry.
 Joey:No come on Ross! (He grabs his bag so he can’t leave) Look Ross we have to get past this.
 Joey:No look I don’t know what else to do. I said I’m sorry!
 Joey:You should scream at me or-or-or curse me or hit me.
 Joey:Why not?  You’ll feel better!  I’ll feel better and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
 Joey:A little bit.
 Joey:Little bit.
 Joey:(excited) A little bit more.
 Joey:No hit me
 Joey:Hit me.
 Joey:Hit me!
 Joey:(interrupting) Hit me hit me.
 Joey:(shouts) Hit me! Hit me!
 Joey:I’m sorry! It was a reflex!
 Joey:I couldn’t help it! When a fist comes at your face you duck! Look! (He goes to punch Ross expecting him to duck but he doesn’t and Joey punches Ross.   Gunther is amused.)
 Joey:You were supposed to duck!!! Why didn’t you duck?
 Joey:Good good yeah (Grabs the bags) maybe while we’re there they can check your reflexes. (Joey opens the door and it hits Ross in the face with it.) (Makes quote marks.) Oops.
 Joey:Hey so how is it?
 Joey:Your thumb? That’s weird. (Makes a fist.) You sure you’re punching right? Make a fist. (Ross just looks at him with his thumb in a cast.) Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
 Joey:You you want me to help you with that?
 Joey:Name? (Ross looks at him.) I know Ross but what’s it short for? You know like like Rossel or Rosstepher.
 Joey:It’s pretty Okay date of birth?
 Joey:Sure May...tember.
 Joey:Occupation? Dinosaurs.
 Joey:Alright who do you want as your emergency contact?
 Joey:Okay relationship boy this could take a while.
 Joey:Come on you guys are more then that! I mean you’re gonna get together right?
 Joey:But you two were supposed to be together.
 Joey:Come on Ross that didn’t mean anything! She just had the baby she was all freaked out about doing it alone she would have said yes to anybody.
 Joey:So?
 Joey:Wow.
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:And you’re Okay with that?
 Joey:Hey for what it’s worth with Rachel I don’t think you’ll ever be just (Makes quote marks.) anybody.
 Joey:(makes quote marks) Thanks.
 Joey:You know ah I’ve been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya it’s not my fault. It’s a natural instinct.
 Joey:Hey OK great what would you do if I did this? (Swings to punch Chandler he moves and he ends up punching Ross knocking him off the stool. Ross then gets up and just stares at Joey.)
 Joey:How long do you have to go for?
 Joey:A year?!
 Joey:Wait a minute you cant go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot but weve got tickets to the Jets game next week.
 Joey:We were gonna go see the Jets!
 Joey:I cant believe you guys are moving.
 Joey:Here you are (Hands Rachel a cup of coffee)
 Joey:(Laughs)
 Joey:Uhuh.
 Joey:(Laughs)
 Joey:I know yeah. I feel like were all growing up. Person named Wiener God that kills me. (Laughs)
 Joey:Actually you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe Im ready for a more serious relationship. You know? Like Id like to meet a nice mature commitment-minded lady. And looks arent as important as...Nah shes gotta be hot.
 Joey:I can do that yeah. How is Friday?
 Joey:Yeah!
 Joey:(Laughs) Poophack... (Laughs)
 Joey:(Laughs)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(Realizes that he has forgotten all about the double date) Oh my God!
 Joey:Yeah so you found someone for me. You didnt forget?
 Joey:No.
 Joey:Mike.
 Joey:Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?
 Joey:Why did I have to say Mike? I dont know a Mike! Why couldnt I have said... (Looks through his address book) Theres no guy in there!
 Joey:MIKE!!!
 Joey:(Checks him out) Okay! (Walks over to his table and sits down with him)
 Joey:Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead okay? All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.
 Joey:Atta boy!
 Joey:Okay look...
 Joey:(Laughs) From school.
 Joey:Mike attorney at law!
 Joey:What? Thats the kinda thing you usually run by me.
 Joey:Which is why I waited until now to introduce you to Mike.
 Joey:No no thats not what I meant. Lets get you a cocktail.
 Joey:Yeah thats because we had a bit of a falling out. Mike hit my mom with a car.
 Joey:Thats okay Mike I have forgiven you. And now were friends again everythings great!
 Joey:Please were trying to have a conversation. (Pushes the wine glass closer to Mary Ellen.)
 Joey:What?!
 Joey:(Laughs) Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah where we pretend we dont know each other. We played all kinds of games. (To Mike) Hey remember the one where I punch you in the face for not being cool?!
 Joey:What are you doing? I said seven! (Holds up six fingers.) (Realizes his mistake) Argh!!!
 Joey:Because I forgot about our date Im so sorry.
 Joey:Look Phoebe Im so sorry! Hey look if you dont like this guy I can find you a better one. (Looks around) Mike!! Mike!!
 Joey:(To Mary Ellen) Youre leaving too?
 Joey:Good night!
 Joey:(Walks In)
 Joey:Look at this. My two best friends!
 Joey:Im mad at you for leaving! Youre nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.
 Joey:Dude you see right thru me!! (They hug) (Joey heads for the door and pushes Chandlers suitcase on the way out.)
 Joey:(On the phone with Chandler) Double promise? Call me when you land.
 Joey:Okay bye. (He hangs up the phone.)
 Joey:He had to board.
 Joey:Hey this girl wont turn around and I cant tell whether shes hot or not what do you think?
 Joey:Alright thanks Oh hey have you talked to Chandler?
 Joey:how come?
 Joey:oh why dont you fly out there and surprise him.
 Joey:oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through teddy with the attached garters. (Nods)
 Joey:didnt till just now.
 Joey:hot not hot (she turns around) Hot!
 Joey:I said I think youre hot and now Im embarrassed.
 Joey:that wouldve been better Ill try that Hi Im Joey.
 Joey:look I dont usually ask out women that I meet in coffeehouses
 Joey:(turns round) gesundheit
 Joey:really great did I actually ask you?
 Joey:(turns round again) seriously Gunther you should see someone about that cold if it gets much worse you could DIE! (Gunther looks scared)
 Joey:yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that last piece of cake at the restaurant.
 Joey:do you have any cake?
 Joey:(bends down to see and the cactus pricks him in the ass) AWCH! Thats why.
 Joey:(enters) Hey
 Joey:listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
 Joey:well thats not even the weird part. I dont think she remembered sleeping with me.
 Joey:yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable you guys know.
 Joey:and whos fault is that.
 Joey:HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when Im a little bloated I dont feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN IM BETTER THEN MOST!
 Joey:Interesting. all right Ill go out with her again and try to get past it (reaches for the chips) OH SALT BLOATY!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:No. (Pause) wait a minute what was the little mermaid?
 Joey:Uh huh sure yeah. How can you not remember me?
 Joey:How could you not remember that we slept together?
 Joey:I dunno!
 Joey:come on come on search your brain all right. it was (thinks) a certain amount of time ago I was here you were here we had sex (starts pointing out the places) here here here NOT there. Anything?
 Joey:my god woman! How many people do you have to had been with not to remember any of this?
 Joey:Ooooooooooh I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. (Turns back to Hayley) so were good. (She just glares at him) Ill let myself out.
 Joey:(looks at a girl walk in) see ordinarily I would talk to her but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
 Joey:your right! I love my life! (He gets up to go and speak to the girl and he turns back and sits down) I actually did sleep with her.
 Joey:Thursday? But that�s Halloween.
 Joey:[It�s just] So spooky that�s all.
 Joey:I know u-uch.
 Joey:What about me he? Only had one lunch today.
 Joey:No they�re comin� we�re waitin� right here.
 Joey:Maybe we should just eat now.
 Joey:Wha-a how about this Another table leaves right? But there�s still some food left on their place okay what�s the restaurant�s policy about people eatin� that?
 Joey:But it happens? (waiter leaves) I�m gotta go to the bathroom.
 Joey:If you ask me to stay I�ll pee. (leaves)
 Joey:(returns to their old table where elderly people are sitting now sits) Finally you guys made it. (looks up turns left to Phoebe�s chair) Pheebs who the hell�uhuhh!
 Joey:Thank you. (stands up and kisses her lips.) Waiter! �lright this is gonna be fast so try to keep up Risotto with the shaped truffles and the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and that any that stuff I just said means snails. (Hope *I* kept up.)
 Joey:Oh uh again. Can I make a special request Can you bring everything as soon as it�s ready? Appetizers entrees we don�t care.
 Joey:That�s a great story�can I eat it?
 Joey:(mumbling) Never hit a woman. Never hit a woman.
 Joey:Ross bruises like a peach. He bruises like a peach.
 Joey:And remember whatever comes up first. Okay? And hurry because �
 Joey:Son of a bitch!
 Joey:Why are you going? He said she wanted the shrew! (runs after the waiter)
 Joey:(returned) No no it�s okay I already told the waiter what they want.
 Joey:Chandler control your woman!
 Joey:(to Chandler and Monica) Well what is going on with you two?
 Joey:So? Did have sex right?
 Joey:See ya. Well this is just us.
 Joey:Do do you gonna do it now?
 Joey:No-ohoh. (the Bings leave the waiter comes)
 Joey:Nah just me. All alone. (all the food is served) Dinner for six for one uh you boys are about to see something really special.
 Joey:Excellent. The shrew in particular was exclusive.
 Joey:Joey! Joey.
 Joey:That�s the best birthday ever.
 Joey:(in a very aaaaahhhhh sweeeeeet voice) Aaahhh look at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? (Phoebe and Mike embarrassed start babbling and look away.) Have you not talked about it yet? (They say nothing now but smile) Am I making you uncomfortable? (smiles are becoming forced now and he speaks to Mike) If you were bigger youd hit me huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh (he turns away to the bar)
 Joey:(sitting at his table) Oh I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh! (mimes opening a door with his own keys Phoebe looks at him in a yeah yeah yeah way.)
 Joey:Ooh. I-I dont know Chan. Im not so good with remembering lines.
 Joey:I know right? (Chandler has really big eyes and nods) Wh... Wh... Why are we doing this?
 Joey:Seriously? She actually said that?
 Joey:Nooooo! Being funny is your thing!
 Joey:Without that you just got lame with women.
 Joey:(sees Monica) Fire trucks! (Chandlers eyes double in size and he turns to Monica who doesnt understand whats happening. Then he turns back to Joey who says youre welcome without a sound)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(looks surprised) Really...? Guys do that...? Thats... weird...
 Joey:Thats like a woman wanting to be a...
 Joey:Uhm... A penis model. (Monica cant believe whats shes hearing and Ross pats Joey on the back.) Anyway hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the funniest guy youve ever met?
 Joey:Really? Do you not know Chandler?
 Joey:So what? Being funny is Chandlers thing... You know like Rosss thing is... (he cant come up with anything)
 Joey:...No... (he just cant seem to grasp it)
 Joey:Monica you have to do some damage control here okay. Cause hes feeling like... (the door opens and Chandler walks in with a pizza)
 Joey:Heeeyy! Hey!
 Joey:Yeah....
 Joey:Not knowing when to shut up...
 Joey:Yeah! Allright! Hey hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught me Hot-cross Buns.
 Joey:Noooo... Three Blind Mice goes like this... (he puts his fingers in position on the recorder)
 Joey:Me! Im up for puppets!
 Joey:I wanna be mr. Wigglemunch. (and makes a there nod to Ross)
 Joey:(kind of emotional) I am learning so much from you.
 Joey:Allright. See you later!
 Joey:(to Monica) Did that guy really make that joke?
 Joey:Wow! You blow my mind...
 Joey:Aaahh... How much do I owe you?
 Joey:Its like the cheapest college ever.
 Joey:Hey... hey listen... What do you guys know about investments?
 Joey:Well Im starting to make good money on the show and Im thinking... I should probably do something with it.
 Joey:Well I just tape it to the back of my toilet tank. (realises that anyone could have overheard that) I didnt say that! Its in a bank guarded by robots!
 Joey:Uh yeah... This guy at work got me excited about going in on an emu farm. Thatd be kinda cool huh? Pitchin in on the weekends helping to plant the emus...
 Joey:(laughs) Yeah! Right! (points at Monica) People eat birds... Bird meat... Now do they just fly into your mouth or you go to... you go to a restaurant and you say Excuse me Ill have a bucket of fried bird. (laughs again) Or... or maybe just a wing or... (realises...)
 Joey:Real estate huh? Hmmm...
 Joey:Hi Im Joey. This is Chandler.
 Joey:Is there anything we should know about the apartment?
 Joey:Well you seem pretty insulted by that. What? Im not good enough for you?
 Joey:You know what it is? Its a nice place but I gotta see I dont know if I see myself living here. Oh oh oh let me see... (Joey sits down on the couch mimes opening a can and puts his hand down his pants) Yeah I could see it.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Ooh! A tape with a girls name on it. Its probably a sex tape... (realises) Wait a minute... This says Monica... (looks around) And this is Richards apartment... (realises some more)
 Joey:Hey dude whats up?
 Joey:Did you take that tape?
 Joey:I dont know. Whom Im married to?
 Joey:She hot?
 Joey:How did she get me to settle down?
 Joey:Guess I dont know. My experience if a girl says yes to being taped... She doesnt say no to much else I tell ya...
 Joey:(backs off) What? Whoo... What?
 Joey:All right fine... But if I enjoy this you have only yourself to blame... (Chandler turns his back to the TV. Joey puts the tape in the VCR switches it on and watches whats on the tape... Its clearly a american football match with the referees whistle blowing the crowds cheering...)
 Joey:Well its okay its like... its just a football game.
 Joey:Yeah see... you were all worried for nothing.
 Joey:You dont wanna see what I just saw! (at this moment Monica comes home and sees Chandler flat on his back on the floor and Joey pinning him down)
 Joey:(laughs) Monica look... I dont think you and I have any secrets anymore... (Monica keeps looking at Joey) Not ready to joke about it yet okay I see you later. (Joey walks out)
 Joey:wow the parade is really good this year. Man those horses can crap.
 Joey:Oh my God!
 Joey:Yeah! I totally forgot Im supposed to be there. I cant believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm.
 Joey:I guess Im going to have to come up with a really good reason why I wasnt there. The producers are going to be so mad at me. They sat us all down yesterday and said Everyone has to be there at 600 AM sharp that means you Tribbiani. Like.. like I was some kind of idiot.
 Joey:Hey happy Thanksgiving.. Pheebs! <motions her to come over>
 Joey:I.. I.. I need a good lie.
 Joey:No no no I need a good lie to explain why I wasnt at a work thing today.
 Joey:I do not.
 Joey:Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a raccoon came running in went straight for your muffin and I said Hey dont eat that-thats Phoebes and he said.. <pause> He said.. Joey you stink at lying. What am I going to do?
 Joey:Oh great thatd be great. Thank you.
 Joey:Uh.. <forgetting what the work thing was rolls up his sleeve on his right arm and shows Phoebe she looks>
 Joey:Oh.. man..
 Joey:Pheebs I still need some help here
 Joey:Oh.. I dont know why this is so hard for me. you know.. I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor.
 Joey:Hey! How come my plates less fancy then everyone elses? Do you not trust me with a fancy plate?
 Joey:I cant believe I won.
 Joey:Yeah hes lying. He looked down.
 Joey:I lie better then that right?
 Joey:Oh I like that yeah. Wasnt at the parade because I had a family emergency.
 Joey:Arg... Alright Ill take care of it. <throws hands out in the air>
 Joey:Setting the table.
 Joey:ooh oooh..
 Joey:What? Are you out of your mind? Lets throw some jello on them.
 Joey:Actually its not pies its just pie.
 Joey:Hey! I did it. I called my producer. I told him I had a family emergency he totally bought it. Thanks for teaching me how to lie Pheebs.
 Joey:Oh you told her you broke all the plates huh? (Chandler walks back looking angrily at Joey)
 Joey:Uhm... (looks down) Yeah... this uhm... raccoon came in...
 Joey:(impressed) Wow that was great! You really wrote that?
 Joey:I *love* my job.
 Joey:Rach these are for you.
 Joey:No but with this new car smell youll think you do.
 Joey:Uh-huh.
 Joey:And for Ross Mr. Sweet-tooth.
 Joey:Theyre ribbed for *your* pleasure.
 Joey:Ahh wait is Wendy the runner-up Miss Oklahoma?
 Joey:Hey-heeyyy - Look at that its a Christmas miracle!
 Joey:Hey hey uh who did you miss the most?
 Joey:Got ya. (blinks an eye)
 Joey:Mines is to Lilian Myers.
 Joey:(To Gunther who comes over with coffee and a muffin) Thank you!
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey: Pheebs have you ever been bitten by a hungry Italian?
 Joey:If you want I could loan you some money?
 Joey:Oh hey how about this? Wanna be an extra on my show?
 Joey:Yeah yeah. The pay is pretty good and you could do it for as long as you need. 
 Joey:Okay now. I gotta tell you being on TV isnt as glamorous and exciting as you think.
 Joey:No it is awesome!
 Joey:She sure does. Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?
 Joey:Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry Im just so used to hitting on the extras. So are you excited about your scene?
 Joey:Oh relax. Dont be. Youll be fine youll be fine. Theyll probably just make you stand in the back.
 Joey:Hey you know what? Dont worry Pheebs! It usually takes me three takes too! (Off the directors look) Alright eight.
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:Well he can be a little rough around the edges so Im gonna replace a word he used a lot with the word puppy. Okay so he said If your puppy friend doesnt get her puppy act together Im gonna fire her mother-puppy ass.
 Joey:Thats right youre not. Youre a nurse. Youre Nurse With Tray. 
 Joey:No no. Nurse With Tray doesnt know Joey she doesnt have time for friends. She gets in that operating room and she carries that tray to the doctor because if she doesnt people die!
 Joey:(Points to man on operating table) Man With Eye Patch! You get in there and you do your job.
 Joey:Okay.
 Joey:Oh sometimes we use the same extras for different parts. Its okay. 
 Joey:Maybe you are a nurse but you moonlight as a waitress.
 Joey:Nice.
 Joey:No no. See you and Drake are having a fight. 
 Joey:He slept with you and then never called you.
 Joey:Oh calm down! She means on the show! We need some new extras around here!
 Joey:Please dont fire my friend. Just let me talk to her.
 Joey:Thank you thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow Ill bring you a hat cover up the bald?
 Joey:Hey listen Pheebs. I was just talking to the director and he was thinking maybe this time you dont hit Drake you just wait on the tables?
 Joey:Youre a masseuse. You have a table with a hole in it.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:(To the director) Yeah you can fire her but I would call security she wont go easy.
 Joey:Hey. So wheres Mon?
 Joey:And youre not helping?
 Joey:You damn right I am Ive been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
 Joey:Yeah you too.
 Joey:How do you think shes doing?
 Joey:Man I wish I had a nanny like you.
 Joey:Sure.
 Joey:Why not?
 Joey:So what you think Im just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? (thinks about it) Yeah sounds about right.
 Joey:Oh man why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told me I cant have it makes me want her even more!
 Joey:Yes!
 Joey:Fine. (looks around then focuses on Monica)
 Joey:For a walk.
 Joey:Actually that will be long. You know I really need to organize my thoughts.
 Joey:Allright fine I only have one thought! Its about the hot nanny I gotta see her!
 Joey:Now YOURE telling me I cant see her?? You guys are killing me! Shes forbidden fruit! Its like ... like shes the princess and Im the stable boy ... Why are you doing this huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over there?
 Joey:Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
 Joey:Fine ... mediocre porn
 Joey:Hey Rach so can I sing happy birthday to you now?
 Joey:Oh ... (Starts to sing) Happy birth ... (sees Molly leaving) oh see you later (runs after Molly)
 Joey:So you see Molly what people dont understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of hard work.
 Joey:Oh I didnt go to college.
 Joey:Molly ... people dont study acting ...
 Joey:(upset) Will the stable boy never get the princess??
 Joey:No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know this isnt fair. What makes you think that Im just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Cant you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her and might want something real? (pause) Look the truth is I havent felt this way about anyone since Rachel ok? I didnt think I could ever love again.
 Joey:Ok (admits)
 Joey:Its like my favorite fairy tale come true! (Chandler looks at him) The princess the stable boy and the lesbian!
 Joey:Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer said she thinks I
 Joey:On...?
 Joey:Ok! Stop it you guys! Stop staring! Youre freaking me out!
 Joey:Oh man! I have to get those done too?!
 Joey:Hey hey! You dye your hair!
 Joey:Arghhh! Double standards!
 Joey:Hey. Im here for my eyebrow appointment.
 Joey:Chandler Bing.
 Joey:OK Thanks.
 Joey:Thanks. Do you get a lot of guys in here?
 Joey:Oh good...
 Joey:All right lets just do this.
 Joey:Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! Im all right! Im all right!
 Joey:Hey I need your help.
 Joey:Look Ill get new headshot taken all right so I want to get my eyebrows shaped
 Joey:You may be a sissy but Ill still (pound you out on ground). All right it hurts so bad I could only let her do one
 Joey:All right look you got to help me out ok? Look I have the magic marker I want you to fill in the skinny one so
 Joey:What the hell am I supposed to do!
 Joey:What what.
 Joey:Oh my God!
 Joey:Ok all right no no no no I do I do I do I need your help but Chandler I don�t know if I can take anymore
 Joey:Oh my God! I didn�t feel a thing ! Hey are you still looking for a job because you can tweeze circles around
 Joey:Yeah yeah. Hey they totally match! They look great! They look great! How you doing!
 Joey:Thank you so much.
 Joey:Listen that�s a pretty girly hour we just spent we should add some manly make up for it.
 Joey:Comb my eyelashes.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Ha oh of course.
 Joey:Your eyebrows look weird.
 Joey:Morning roomie!
 Joey:Fifth days a charm.
 Joey:Hey its great having you back. You know stay as long as you want and when does she stop crying all night?
 Joey:Shes probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did last night.
 Joey:No hey its been great.
 Joey:Yeah. And look I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything all my feelings from before are totally over okay? And even if they werent when you accidentally walk in on a woman using a breast pump...
 Joey:Wow! So how are you?
 Joey:Really?
 Joey:Well actually it...
 Joey:Wow really?
 Joey:Sure I know lots of girls.
 Joey:Ooh names?
 Joey:Hey. I was just gonna get something to eat. You want something?
 Joey:Im fine Im fine its just its just weird whats happening with her and Ross. You know yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
 Joey:Why are they doing this?
 Joey:You know whats crazy? These jars. What is it like two bites in here?
 Joey:I know I know. And when they moved back in together I figured yknow thats where things were headed.
 Joey:Yes and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someones gotta carry on the family name.
 Joey:Yeah because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night Yuck! But we should probably keep it down; shes still in the bedroom.
 Joey:I know; that just pushes them further and further apart.
 Joey:Ooh thats a great plan!
 Joey:Shhh! Not so loud we dont wanna wake up uh...
 Joey:Hey.
 Joey:All right! Who is he?
 Joey:Shes this really boring woman. Shes a teacher!
 Joey:Yeah yeah shes really into history and foreign movies... And oh oh she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on who loves puzzles?
 Joey:Oh my god youre right!
 Joey:She even reads for pleasure!
 Joey:What? Im not allowed to know smart women?
 Joey:I met her at the library. I went in to pee.
 Joey:Well okay Ill - Ill just call her and tell her the dates cancelled and find him somebody else.
 Joey:Ooh...I hear thats bad.
 Joey:Ah yes The Plan! (Laughs loudly again but he sounds more like Santa Claus.)
 Joey:Yeah you know its not that fun.
 Joey:Oh great pretty soon theyll be back together.
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:Emma? Hey! Hi!
 Joey:How are ya? How are ya? Where are your babysitters huh? Whys the bedroom door closed?
 Joey:You cant have S-E-X when youre taking care of the B-A-B-I-E!
 Joey:Because you two were having sex!
 Joey:Dont you lie to me! I could tell by Chandlers hair. (To Chandler.) You are so lazy. Cant you get on top for once?
 Joey:Hey! It is unacceptable that you two would have sex with Emma in the next room. Im gonna have to tell Rachel about this.
 Joey:Hey I gotta! Unless...
 Joey:Unless you name your firstborn child Joey.
 Joey:Hey I may never have kids and somebodys gotta carry on my family name.
 Joey:(BEAT) (Laughs.) You almost had me.
 Joey:Uh-huh.
 Joey:Its easy you just walk in on them having sex.
 Joey:Were geniuses! Yeah look at them look at them theyre really bonding.
 Joey:Where?
 Joey:Can you believe theyre still not here?
 Joey:I know Im so bummed. Can we have our free crab cakes now?
 Joey:Weve been stood up. (sniffles) And we want our free crab cakes.
 Joey:Uh ah Monicas pregnant?!
 Joey:Oh thats cool. We have interns at Days Of Our Lives. 
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Wheres Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day. (Monica smiles) ... and I smelled bacon. (taking some)
 Joey:(puzzled) Who did? (Monica looks bewildered)
 Joey:(standing up surprised) She did?
 Joey:(still surprised) I did?
 Joey:I dont know but it sounds great. 
 Joey:With Lennart Haze?
 Joey:Oh my god that is great! That is *** for a play on broadway… and in a real theatre not that little one underneath the dally like last time.
 Joey:Well it must be because I read and I didnt understand a singe word. 
 Joey:Yeah yeah and directing.
 Joey:Yeah hes done some amazing works.
 Joey:(almost laughing) I know. When the monkey hits him in the face with that giant rubber phone. (They all laugh)
 Joey:(sitting down) Dont make me more nervous than I already am!
 Joey:It is so amazing to meet you. (They are shaking hands) Im such a big fan of your work.
 Joey:Tell me about it! Unlimited nights and weekends! 
 Joey:No I-I-I wasnt making fun of you honestly I-I think you were great in those commercials. 
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:(regaining confidence) Are you kiddin? When they shoot you out of that cannon…
 Joey:Wow!
 Joey:Oh yah sure.
 Joey:Err I think you know. 
 Joey:I am what you made me. You know what? I could go right now.
 Joey:I cant. Oh I want to long pause but I cant.
 Joey:(understandingly) Oh oh I thought that was your characters name you know I thought you were like an Indian or something you know with a… (He mimes wearing a feather on his head)
 Joey:Ah y-y-youre sure you dont want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent you know Southern (He speaks in what he believes is a Southern accent) I could go right now maaan!
 Joey:(interrupting their conversation) Ah hi ah. Thank you so much for whispering for my benefit but ah look if you just tell me what I did wrong Id just love to work on it and come back and try it again for you. And and also (to Producer #1) How you doing? (to Lennart again) You should please just gimme another chance. I really wanna get better please. 
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:I really doubt that. 
 Joey:(suggesting) Couldnt I just sleep with the producer?
 Joey:Well they wanna see me again this afternoon but err well Lennart Haze did not like me. (He sits down) 
 Joey:Well he said I wasnt urgent enough you know and that everything I did was horizontal and I should be more vertical. Oh and he said that I should think less.
 Joey:Wooooooooow (He takes the sneaker) Its like theyre on fire!
 Joey:(determined) I give you $ 500 for them!
 Joey:Hey thatd work on me! Why did I get to buy Mrs. Butterwords? 
 Joey:(entering) I know Im sorry but can I just have a quick second to run to the bathroom?
 Joey:But Im bursting with u-hu!
 Joey:Actually I really need…
 Joey:Yes… ahahaaa (He seems to be in pain)
 Joey:(walking on the spot) I think you know! 
 Joey:I am what you made me! You know what?
 Joey:I could go right now. 
 Joey:(urgent) I oh I cant. I want to but I cant!
 Joey:(disbelieving) I did? 
 Joey:Sure yeah. I dont have time to say thank you because I really gotta go. (He grabs his jacket and limps out of the room)
 Joey:(entering) Hey!
 Joey:Probably wanna know what Im doing…?
 Joey:Yesterday at my audition I really had to pee and apparently having to pee makes me a really good actor. I got a call-back so Im drinking everything. Oh by the way that egg nog in our fridge was great!
 Joey:We gotta get more of that. (He leaves the apartment)
 Joey:(hoping frantically on the spot screaming) I need an answer!
 Joey:You know!
 Joey:I need an answer now! 
 Joey:(screaming) Oh!
 Joey:You knew this all along and you never told me? You never told me? I can never forgive you I can never forgive myself I have nothing to live for – Bang – End Scene!
 Joey:(in pain) Oh thanks thanks! Now I really have to get…
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Id be lying if I said I havent thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend it would be wrong. Good...(He winks)...But wrong.
 Joey:Aww I dont know Monica yknow... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.
 Joey:And I think he would tell you it was a mistake.
 Joey:Oh...how much?
 Joey:Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?
 Joey:Thats right I am! (Opens drawer and rummages through it. Rachel enters)
 Joey:Oo...whats in the bag?
 Joey:Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Yknow when I was a kid it was like.. Whoops! Joey fell down the stairs! or er.. Whoops! Joey electrocuted himself again! Huh!
 Joey:Youre gonna do it?
 Joey:Oh women can. You cant.
 Joey:The hardware store is right down the street.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:I thought you didnt have secrets from Monica.
 Joey:Yeah I know.
 Joey:Err... I just figured it out! You know I mean youre not working and the economy is bad.
 Joey:(to himself) Thats the fastest I have ever thought!
 Joey:Oh! Sure! How much? Two thousand dollars?
 Joey:Err...Well I...Know how much you used to make and I know how much your rent is. (shrugs)
 Joey:(To himself) I am on fire!
 Joey:Err... Kind of.
 Joey:Oh no no no no no... It wasnt... It wasnt because of your money problems it was for something for her.
 Joey:Something personal.
 Joey:Boob job.
 Joey:Well its...Its not that crazy okay? Making them smaller that would be crazy.
 Joey:Rach?! (He walks over to the fridge to put it in but it cannot be opened either) Rachel!!!!? (He walks to the bathroom and tries to lift the toilet seat cover. It wont come up.) So I cant do anything I like????
 Joey:Because she is!
 Joey:Mmmm hmm! For your boob job!
 Joey:OK so Im out four thousand dollars and nobodys boobs are getting any bigger?
 Joey:Hey uh where do you guys want this?
 Joey:(voice strained) Couldnt have this conversation down at the truck huh?
 Joey:AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright... (He takes a box out about to close fridge then thinks.) Better take all I can carry. Who knows when ill be able to get in here again!
 Joey:Hey Ross check this out! (he tries to spin a basketball on his fingertip but he throws it against a table) yeah I cant do that!
 Joey:Hey! (he throws the basketball against a table again)
 Joey:(he stops Chandler from posting the message) No no no... what do... you cant do that to him!
 Joey:Dude! (he opens his arms to receive the ball from Ross hands)
 Joey:(after Ross leaves the room) aaand SEND! (he hits the send button)
 Joey:Oh it was a lot of fun right up until Chandler got a finger in the eye!
 Joey:Chandler... hey... (he goes towards his room but he stops near Emmas cot) Rach... whats Hugsy doin in the crib with Emma? (he looks puzzled)
 Joey:(still very puzzled) Oh yeah... of course... yeah... its a stuffed animal... you know... its for kids... not for adults... I know that!
 Joey:Rachel... lets be clear on this ok? I do not love Hugsy. I like him a normal amount...
 Joey:Why wouldnt she? Hes a wonderful person!
 Joey:Look at you all sweet and innocent sleeping like an angel... with Emmas chubby little hands wrapped around ya. (he picks up Hugsy) Its okay Emma you stay asleep. (Emma cries)
 Joey:Its okay its okay Rach its me. Put down the scrunchy.
 Joey:Well I heard Emma stirring so I came to make sure she could reach Hugsy.
 Joey:(placing Hugsy back in the crib) There you go sweetie... (to Emma) This isnt over.
 Joey:Hey look whos here! Its Joey and he brought home a friend.
 Joey:No no its not a girl its... a brand new Hugsy!
 Joey:No no Emma has one Hugsy the new Hugsy huh? The other Hugsy I dont know I guess Ill just take it back.
 Joey:Make the transfer! (She does so)
 Joey:Oh no dont worry about that I swallowed that years ago.
 Joey:But hes the same.
 Joey:But hes the same.
 Joey:Hes the same!
 Joey:(to the new Hugsy) Youre not the same!
 Joey:Original or crappy?
 Joey:No sorry havent seen him.
 Joey:Its Monica ok?
 Joey:Alright!! Fine! Its original Hugsy! No now I know that Emma wants him but hes mine and I need him..
 Joey:... shes being unreasonable!
 Joey:It does?
 Joey:Really? She... she loves me?
 Joey:Ok wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute I mean Rach I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then... well she can have him.
 Joey:Look forget it forget it... I cant do it.
 Joey:How do you think I got him in the first place?
 Joey:Monica hey can I borrow the Porsche?
 Joey:Alright!
 Joey:(abashed) A place to entertain my lady friends.
 Joey:(even more abashed) A place to eat spaghetti.
 Joey:Oh well the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they dont sell tickets here in New York so...
 Joey:(hesitates for a moment)Yeah Connecticut...Not West Virginia.
 Joey:Uh!
 Joey:Seriously Ross you dont want in on this?
 Joey:I like those odds!
 Joey:(who wasnt paying attention)Whats that now?
 Joey:(sounding panicky)Oh my god Ross! You dont have Emma! And Rachel you dont have Emma! (Starts yelling) Wheres Emma? Who has Emma!?
 Joey:(not yelling anymore)I was?
 Joey:I did?
 Joey:Oh yeah! The casserole lady.
 Joey:Ooh! Tough odds!
 Joey:(smiling)Look whos coming around!
 Joey:(excited)Did you get it?
 Joey:(Still excited)By you!?
 Joey:Ill do it!! Itll get the casserole stink off of mine.
 Joey:I cant tell you what Im wishing for! Else...you know...wont come true!
 Joey:Cant really say!
 Joey:(slightly irritated)Im not really comfortable with these questions!
 Joey:I won hey!
 Joey:Seriously thats your fantasy? To invest it?
 Joey:Ooh ooh I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!
 Joey:Oh you will when I pick you as starting forward.
 Joey:Youre not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I cant believe youre taking this away from me!
 Joey:Dude Im sorry. But hey theres one spot left right?
 Joey:I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut when did you even get those?
 Joey:(to Ross) Ill show you how.
 Joey:Yeah I want my tickets too (takes the bowl from Rachel)! And Im buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff ah ah!
 Joey:Hey if anybody gets extra tickets it should be me! This all thing was my idea! (takes the bowl from Monica)
 Joey:(in pain) Oh!
 Joey:No no! (they all go towards the balcony but they get jammed in the window)
 Joey:(sitting on the sofa in front of the tv) Rach come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God I can already feel myself changing.
 Joey:And what did she say?
 Joey:(checking the last ticket) Damnit! anybody got anything?
 Joey:(to Chandler) Hey that is so great about the job.
 Joey:And I like to think I had a little something to do with it.
 Joey:Well before with the wishbone... I didnt wish we would win the lottery I wished youd get the job.
 Joey:Oh yeah.
 Joey:Me too.
 Joey:(sitting in a chair) Hey guys so I just called the Powerball hotline can you believe it? Nobody won.
 Joey:(talking to a pineapple in his hand) God youre beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do.
 Joey:I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
 Joey:Oh ehm...Im...Im rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. Its the first time my characters got one. Im so nervous you know I really want it to be good!
 Joey:Yeah that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh hey!Dyou want to come down to the set and tell me if Im doing ok?
 Joey:Yeah!Hey you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again.
 Joey:Right!(he starts to ape her)Oh my God is this the mens room? Oh I feel so foolish have you always known you wanted to be an actor? (he inclines his head as if to look at a mans private parts)
 Joey:I dont know but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
 Joey:Also so gay!
 Joey:Well at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff!
 Joey:Oh wish me luck!
 Joey:Rach I gotta say...if you werent here wondering if these guys were gay I dont know if I could do this!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh you know the writing was good and the director is good and... and my co-stars good but theyre not as good as me!
 Joey:Ow Im just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me?
 Joey:Oh all right I can ask Monica.
 Joey:Right... (pause) ok so just from the top of the page right here.
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Ah Rach it doesnt say that!
 Joey:but but..
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all!
 Joey:I was making a peanut butter smoothy right?
 Joey:And I couldnt find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be right...? Turns out very!
 Joey:What?
 Joey:Oh...I dont think its going very well...
 Joey:Well Im feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow...
 Joey:A little. Yeah no I really am worried you know I mean I have to make it convincing that Im in love with Olivia.
 Joey:So...Ive never played that!
 Joey:Uh...well...just once...with you...
 Joey:(looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about??
 Joey:(approvingly) Oh! ok yeah I think I can do that. Yeah ok theres this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her but he cant... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you but you didnt know so I would just pretend everything was cool but really it was killing me.
 Joey:Well.. hey you know what else I could use? Theres a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivias bedroom and she doesnt know hes there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldnt be there but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up when I would think to myself my God she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you.
 Joey:(excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room)
 Joey:(enters the room) Hey you guys what are you doing tomorrow night?
 Joey:Look my agent hooked me up with six tickets to a great play.
 Joey:Its a one-woman play called Why dont you like me a bitter womans journey through life.
 Joey:You guys are gonna have a great time I promise!
 Joey:I wish I could but I just found out that I have to be at work really early the next day so I cant go but you know take the extra ticket and invite whoever you want.
 Joey:(lifts Rachel up and moves her behind him so she can walk on) Hey here you go.
 Joey:(entering the room) Hey!
 Joey:Whats happenin?
 Joey:Oh Id love to but I gotta get up so early the next day and so you know me work comes first
 Joey:(yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!!
 Joey:Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Lifes people.
 Joey:I do it every year.
 Joey:I didnt have to tell you that!! Im stupider than Jane Rogers!!
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:Yeah...
 Joey:(Smiling) I cant believe you guys went for that one!
 Joey:Youre fine ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people!
 Joey:(speaking aloud) Please I was trying to be nice youre the worst one!
 Joey:Ok ok! Fine! You can come but dont tell anybody else. Its up on the roof at 8.
 Joey:(sounds tired) Hey you guys Im turning in. Have fun.
 Joey:What party?
 Joey:(looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean...
 Joey:(to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves)
 Joey:(To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey glad you could make it (Shakes a mans hand) Thanks for coming.
 Joey:Hey thats why I didnt invite you. you have to calm down alright... go go get yourself a drink or something...
 Joey:Hey Ross this is one of my co-stars Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands)
 Joey:Its a science.
 Joey:Hey Ross listen Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together or...
 Joey:Monica!
 Joey:(To Rachel) What have you got there?
 Joey:Ah let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn thats a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
 Joey:(browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guys Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult ok and it costs you 5000$ to get to level three and I dont feel any different.
 Joey:(discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass pass oh pass double-pass pass...
 Joey:Nothing major its just that you know theyre not really good enough for you and you deserve the best.
 Joey:Thats true. But you know what it doesnt matter because I already know who youre gonna go home with tonight.
 Joey:Me.
 Joey:Yes cause we live together thats a joke!
 Joey:Gotcha.
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Yeah! She is cool and shes so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious (which being Joey he mispronounces amonious). (pause) Thats not how she used it...?
 Joey:Hey if you wanna grab a bite before work wed better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close?
 Joey:(sipping red wine from a glass) Who says that wine has to cost more than milk!
 Joey:Heeey!
 Joey:Come on in how are ya?
 Joey:Can I offer you a drink?
 Joey:Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too today I had to open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh!
 Joey:Hey if you need a tour guide... (point to himself)
 Joey:Yeah definitely definitely. Ok what do you wanna see first?
 Joey:(looking puzzled and nodding) Ok!
 Joey:I know yeah!
 Joey:Ok let me stop you right there. The Mets suck ok? You wanna see the Yankees.
 Joey:Which one they all suck!
 Joey:(looking puzzled) I dont think so.
 Joey:Ross!
 Joey:I need to talk to you about Charlie.
 Joey:Yeah Im... Im kind of having a little problem.
 Joey:No look you know Charlie right? Shes cool shes funny her body is soo...
 Joey:Yes. Its just that shes so much smarter than all the girls Ive ever dated! Combined! I dont want her to think Im stupid!
 Joey:(checking) EH what do you know!
 Joey:Right right right well she wants to go to all this cultural places and I dont know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
 Joey:Please cmon youre the smartest person I know and I really like this girl ok I dont wanna lose her.
 Joey:Thanks.
 Joey:The Metsss!
 Joey:(realizing) Oh thats what she meant! (pause) You know if theyre gonna shorten it they should call it the MUSE! You know short for museum and avoid all the confusion!
 Joey:Ok all right so Ill take her to the MET.
 Joey:Geez sounds like you should be going on this date!
 Joey:Whoa whoa whoa! Slow down you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET ok?
 Joey:You got to tell me exactly what to do there.
 Joey:Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! So I walk in the door and make the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joeys arm to the right and Joey nods)
 Joey:(gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors as his elusive subject was light itself.
 Joey:(shaking his head as if to say of course not!) No no my mouth says the words my brain is thinking monster trucks!
 Joey:Phonetically? (Looks confused)
 Joey:Ok.
 Joey:Ah! Im an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on Days I had to say Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy.
 Joey:No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I guess it means youre gonna get eaten by a bear.
 Joey:Ok Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it its really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the imaginary painting).
 Joey:Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again)
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:(to Charlie) Youre ready?
 Joey:(aside to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked you hooked me up.
 Joey:Although some of that stuff wasnt where you said it was gonna be but... (confidently) I made it work.
 Joey:So you need someone who knows fashion to tell you what looks good.
 Joey:Oh hey Rach!
 Joey:Maybe you could take Charlie shopping.
 Joey:Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah shes the one who taught me you dont wear white after labour day and that you always always always have to put on underwear when youre trying on clothes.
 Joey:(to Charlie) Ok youre gonna come back with some very classy clothes... (aside to Rachel)... and some slutty lingerie SLUTTY!
 Joey:Whats the matter Pheebs?
 Joey:Oh aint that nice? The three of you trying on slutty lingerie together.
 Joey:Why would you ruin it who was that hurtin?
 Joey:(to Charlie) Alright have a good time. (they kiss)
 Joey:Just... seeing what itd be like to be a paleontologist... its fun yeah!
 Joey:Bye.
 Joey:All right so. How did it go at the fertility clinic?
 Joey:So youre ruling out surrogacy?
 Joey:So I dont have to learn what that means?
 Joey:Enough said Im there for you man. Where is she upstairs?
 Joey:Come on Ross be a good guy. Step up and do it!
 Joey:Hello?
 Joey:No. no... eh... she went shopping with Rachel. Why? Whats up?
 Joey:Oh! Hows it going?
 Joey:What!? But I already bought my ticket to Bermuda!
 Joey:Fine Ill rent a car and drive...! Ross you have to get that job!
 Joey:Well just wake him up!
 Joey:Uh! Thats a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute this happened to me before! Yeah I was auditioning for a play and the producer fell asleep and... (pause) no wait a minute... it was me who fell asleep... Yeah I mean hey Shakespeare how about a chase scene once in a while!?
 Joey:(impressed) Wow! You look... (drops the cookie)... stop-eating hot! Which is like the highest level of hotness!
 Joey:Then dont go!
 Joey:Alright then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my place and Ill get you good and drunk!
 Joey:(entering) Hey! Im all packed and ready to go!
 Joey:Mmh-mmh.
 Joey:Barbados!
 Joey:All right lets do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie have a couple of drinks get under that blanket and do what comes naturally.
 Joey:I know there are gonna be some pasty folks by the pool tomorrow! (A woman goes towards them)
 Joey:(to Charlie) I think Ive been recognized this happens all the time!
 Joey:That... never happens...
 Joey:No God no! No! No no Im an actor. Youd probably recognize me from a little show called The Days of Our Lives.
 Joey:(thinking hes kidding) Ok Ross! Its... Its fun yeah! No I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.
 Joey:You dont own a TV? Whats all your furniture pointed at??
 Joey:Yeah! How you doin? Yeah alright!
 Joey:Hey hey! You said youre gonna wear a thong wheres the thong?
 Joey:You really should have been more clear about that!
 Joey:Hey!
 Joey:Oh! ah! eh... Britney Spears!?
 Joey:You could say Hey Kenny how come youre not Britney Spears? (looks at Ross matter-of-factly)
 Joey:Wha...? Youre gonna go now? I thought we could hang out?
 Joey:(smiling) Will you wear a thong?
 Joey:Oh... you got yourself a very weird deal!
 Joey:Yeah yeah. Ive got tons of stuff I could do. Im gonna hit the beach go swimming...
 Joey:No why?
 Joey:Oh man!
 Joey:I wasnt gonna swim I was gonna dig a hole! (removes a small plastic spade used by children to play on the beach from his backpack)
 Joey:Oh! Hey! Thank God you guys are here!
 Joey:Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
 Joey:Come on Ill show you guys where to check in (Joey Chandler and David leave)
 Joey:Hey guys!
 Joey:Damnit!
 Joey:Oh what did someone outbid you for the teapot? (Chandler looks annoyed at him and Joey leans in to him) Oh! Secret teapot?
 Joey:Its really gone?
 Joey:I could teach you a speech that I memorized for auditions.
 Joey:Hey dont worry about that! I mean Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we can.
 Joey:Oh oh! Any chance any of this happened in a Galaxy far far away? (Ross turns aroud and glares at him. Joey and Rachel decide to leave).
 Joey:Im so bored! Stupid rain we... we cant do anything.
 Joey:Hey it hasnt come to that yet.
 Joey:(stopping the waiter) Hey hey hey! Dont mind if I do!
 Joey:Hey Rach do you feel like going to a convention?
 Joey:(walking to a table with many badges on it) I know were not but (he picks up a badge) Frank Medeio and... (picks up another badge) Eva Trorro... womba...
 Joey:Kate Miller it is. (he picks up the Kate Miller badge and sticks it on Rachels breast)
 Joey:In that case should I make sure its on real good? (he does so repeatedly tapping on her breast and stroking it)
 Joey:Well who knew? Pharmacists are fun.
 Joey:Not enough pills in the world Rach. What about you youre the single one seen anybody in there you like?
 Joey:But what about back home anything going on there? Anybody you like?
 Joey:There it is youre blushing!
 Joey:You like someone. Tell me who it is. Who is it? (tickles her a little)
 Joey:Tell me who it is.
 Joey:Come on who? Who do you like? Tell me. Youre not getting away that easy. Who do you like who?
 Joey:What? Why not? Rach who can you not get?
 Joey:(eagerly) Yeah who is that?
 Joey:Yeah.
 Joey:Right of course. Hey did you guys finish the speech?
 Joey:Alright hey look and this isnt over because I really wanna know who...
 Joey:Yeah. (they leave)
 Joey:Night.
 Joey:He said erectus!
 Joey:No he really said it.
 Joey:Erectus?
 Joey:Yeah and so funny!
 Joey:Hey! (stands up) As soon as it stops raining we have got to go snorkeling! Some kid told me about the sea turtle and if you blow bubbles in its face it chases ya! (smiles ecstatic)
 Joey:(disappointed) Oh... oh but thats ok Ill find someone else to do it... Ill do it alone but... I dont know what happens if the sea turtle catches you...
 Joey:(interrupting her) Hey! Dont worry about it! It was fine! I ended up having the best time with Rachel! I just felt bad for you stuck in that room working on Rosss speech... (pulls a face)
 Joey:(bewildered) Oh! Oh well! At least were both having fun!
 Joey:Yeah! A little bit yeah...
 Joey:Yeah... I think we do... (sighs with folded arms)... about what?
 Joey:(downhearted) Hey...
 Joey:Uh... Charlie and I broke up.
 Joey:Oh well she said we have nothing in common.
 Joey:No its not we have nothing in common!
 Joey:I mean she should be with someone like... Ross! You know what I mean he uses all those big words too! Man smart people are dull!
 Joey:(laughing sarcastically) Ok Rach!
 Joey:I feel so stupid you know? Why... why do I keep going after the wrong girls?
 Joey:Oh cmon I mean theres you then theres Charlie and its like... (sighs) What the hell is my problem? OH! (He falls back on the bed)
 Joey:(sitting up again) Im telling you Rach Charlie is not right for me!
 Joey:But then who? The waitress I went out with last month? (gives her a meaningful look)
 Joey:(stands up) No-no-no-no no! Who who were you talking about?
 Joey:Ok! All right well... Im gonna see if I can get a room for the night and Ill... Ill see you later!
 Joey:You like me? (shuts the door)
 Joey:(shocked) Thats a huge thing!
 Joey:What... for how long?
 Joey:(outraged) A MONTH??
 Joey:(stands up) I just have one question!
 Joey:(desperate) What the hell are you doin???
 Joey:Uh am I curious? I mean I am as curious as... as... George!!
 Joey:CURIOUS GEORGE (see link)! You know the monkey and the guy with the yellow hat!
 Joey:Yeah he had a paper route.
 Joey:No I know yeah I know were great but Rach no... this... this cant happen!
 Joey:(charmed but then recoiling) NO NO! It cant happen at all!
 Joey:Because... look no one wants this to happen more than me ok? (in a trembling voice) I have gone over this moment in my head a hundred times and not once did I ever say no! (sighs) I couldnt do it to Ross!
 Joey:I know I know! But Ive thought about it a lot since and it just wouldnt be right... (painfully) Im sorry...!
 Joey:NO! No-no-no-no-no-no! Hey! Hey well be fine! Li... hey like you said no big deal!
 Joey:NO BIG DEAL!
 Joey:Yeah! Ill see ya later! Yeah!
